--- Page 1 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
CONTENTS
CORE BOOK ......................................... 2 KEY
Core Rules .................................................. 2 Rules are updated regularly, with the type of change made indicated
Advanced Rules.............................................. 7 by one of the following ‘badges’:
Path to Glory: Ascension..................................... 11
Glossary...................................................12 NEW This shows that a rules update is new since the last
Matched Play: First Blood....................................12 time this document was published.
UPDATED This shows that an existing rules update has
SPEARHEAD BOOKS. ............................... 13 changed since the last time this document
Spearhead: Fire and Jade.....................................13 was published.
Spearhead: Sand and Bone ...................................15 DELETED This shows that the rules update no longer applies
(the text will also be scored out likethis).
GENERAL’S HANDBOOKS .......................... 16
General’s Handbook 2024-25................................. 16 More recent rules updates always take precedence over
General’s Handbook 2025-26................................. 17 earlier versions.
FACTION PACKS. ................................... 20
OTHER DIGITAL DOWNLOADS .................... 30
BATTLETOMES. .................................... 35
Battletome: Blades of Khorne.................................35
Battletome: Flesh-eater Courts................................36
Battletome: Gloomspite Gitz..................................37
Battletome: Idoneth Deepkin.................................39
Battletome: Kharadron Overlords.............................40
Battletome: Nighthaunt......................................41
Battletome: Orruk Warclans..................................42
Battletome: Skaven..........................................44
Battletome: Slaves to Darkness................................45
Battletome: Soulblight Gravelords.............................47
Battletome: Stormcast Eternals ...............................48
PATH TO GLORY BOOKS. ........................... 50
Path to Glory: Ravaged Coast.................................50
PRODUCED BY THE WARHAMMER DESIGN STUDIO
With thanks to The Faithful and The Loretesters for their invaluable services.
© Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2025. GW, Games Workshop, Warhammer, Citadel, Warhammer Age of Sigmar, Battletome, Stormcast Eternals, the ‘winged-
hammer’ Warhammer logo, and all associated logos, illustrations, images, names, creatures, races, vehicles, locations, weapons, characters, and the distinctive likenesses
thereof, are either ® or TM, and/or © Games Workshop Limited, variably registered around the world. All Rights Reserved.
Permission to download/print for personal use only.
This is a work of fiction. All the characters and events portrayed in this book are fictional, and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidental.
Pictures used for illustrative purposes only.
Certain Citadel products may be dangerous if used incorrectly and Games Workshop does not recommend them for use by children under the age of 16 without adult
supervision. Whatever your age, be careful when using glues, bladed equipment and sprays and make sure that you read and follow the instructions on the packaging.
Games Workshop Ltd., Willow Road, Lenton, Games Workshop Limited – Irish branch
Nottingham, NG7 2WS, United Kingdom Unit 3, Lower Liffey Street, Dublin 1, D01 K199, Ireland
1

--- Page 2 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
CORE RULES
ADDENDA
The following rules updates add text in order to clarify ambiguities and/or avoid unintended interactions.
2.2 DICE 18.3 SLAIN MODELS 30.0 ORDER OF EFFECTS
Add the following: Add the following: Add the following:
‘• Some rules allow you to re-roll a dice ‘You must remove the fewest models ‘Some abilities have a delayed effect
roll, which means you get to roll some or possible to make the unit a single (e.g. ‘each time a friendly unit uses a Fight
all of the dice again. You cannot re-roll a coherent group.’ ability, after that ability has been resolved,
dice more than once, and re-rolls happen Heal (D3) that unit’). If more than one of
before modifiers to the roll (if any) 27.0 MODIFIER ORDER these effects would be resolved at the same
are applied.’ Add the following: time, the active player resolves the delayed
‘The effects of some abilities (e.g. ‘An effects of their abilities first, in an order of
7.0 COMBAT RANGE Excess of Depravity’) allow you to replace a their choosing, then their opponent does
Add the following: roll with a fixed value. When doing so, you the same.’
‘A model is considered to be in combat with must replace the roll before rolling the dice
an enemy unit if that unit is within the for it.’
model’s combat range and visible to it.’
ERRATA
The following rules updates correct errors in order to clarify ambiguities and/or avoid unintended interactions.
5.2 USING ABILITIES 20.0 WEAPON ABILITIES
Change point 2 (Use Reactions) to: Change the Companion weapon ability to:
‘Starting with the player using the ability, the players alternate ‘Unless otherwise specified, attacks made by this weapon are not
using any abilities with an appropriate Reaction timing. Players affected by friendly abilities that modify hit rolls, wound rolls
can choose to pass instead of using a reaction, but once both or weapon characteristics, except for those that apply negative
players consecutively pass, no further reactions to that ability can modifiers (e.g. ‘Covering Fire’).’
be used.’
22.0 RETURNING AND ADDING MODELS
6.0 VISIBILITY Replace:
Add the following: ‘In either case, set up those models, one at a time, in coherency (see
‘If a rule or ability requires a target to be both within a given 15.1) with the model(s) in that unit that were not returned or added
range of and visible to the unit using that ability, or to a model in this phase.’
that unit, both conditions must be met by the same model in the with:
target. You could not, for instance, target a unit where one model is ‘In either case, set up those models, one at a time within coherency
within range but not visible and another model is not in range but range (see 15.1) of the model(s) in that unit that were not returned
is visible.’ or added this phase. If that unit has 7 or more models (including
the model being set up), it must be set up within coherency range
14.4 COMBAT PHASE of at least 2 other models in that unit that were not returned or
In the declare step of the ‘Fight’ ability, change ‘pile-in move (see added this phase.’
15.4)’ to ‘pile-in move (see 15.3)’.
19.0 STRIKE-FIRST AND STRIKE-LAST
In the first sentence, replace ‘at the start of the phase’ with ‘after
any non-Fight combat phase abilities have been used’.
2

--- Page 3 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
CORE RULES
25.0 GUARDED HERO 32.3 TERRAIN CONTROL
In the effect of ‘Guarded Hero’, replace: Change the text to:
‘If this Hero is Infantry, they cannot be picked as the target of ‘Some battleplans require you to gain control of terrain features.
shooting attacks made by units more than 12" from them.’ Terrain features are contested and controlled in the same way as
with: objectives, but terrain features do not remain in your control
‘If this Hero is Infantry, they cannot be picked as the target of if your units are no longer contesting them. For the purposes of
shooting attacks made by models more than 12" from them.’ determining objective control and terrain feature control, each
unit can contest 1 objective and 1 terrain feature at the same time.
32.1 CONTESTING OBJECTIVES
Change the second paragraph to: Designer’s Note: For purposes other than determining terrain
‘Each unit can only count as contesting a single objective for feature control, a unit can contest more than one terrain feature.’
the purposes of determining objective control (see 32.2). Before
determining objective control, for each of their units contesting
two or more objectives, the active player must pick one of those
objectives for it to contest. Then, their opponent does the same.
Designer’s Note: For purposes other than determining objective
control, a unit can contest more than one objective.’
3

--- Page 4 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
CORE RULES
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
In this series of questions and answers, the rules-writing team respond to players’ queries and explain how the rules are intended to be used.
2.2 DICE 5.2 USING ABILITIES
Q: If an ability allows me to re-roll one dice from an XD6 roll (e.g. Q: When resolving the effect of an ability that refers to a Save
the Blades of the Hollow King ‘Aurelias’ ability), could I then use a characteristic of 3+ or better (e.g. the ‘Cloying Quagmire’ spell),
different ability to re-roll the entire XD6 roll? what does ‘or better’ mean?
A: No. A: It means any Save characteristic with a lower value than 3+,
such as 2+, that better protects against incoming damage.
4.0 WARSCROLLS
Q: How should I resolve an ability that refers to an enemy’s Control 5.3 THE RULES OF ONE
characteristic (e.g. Ushoran’s ‘Shroudcage Fragment’) if the target Q: Are reaction abilities subject to the Rules of One? For example, if
does not have a Control characteristic (e.g. a manifestation)? a unit has a reaction ability on their warscroll, could they only use it
A: The target is treated as having a Control characteristic of 0. once per phase?
A: Yes.
5.0 ABILITIES
Q: Some abilities (e.g. ‘All-out Attack’) have a red timing bar. Can 9.1.1 SETTING UP OBJECTIVES AND
these abilities only be used in the combat phase? TERRAIN FEATURES
A: No. The words in the timing bar or, in the case of reactions Q: If a battleplan instructs you to set up an objective on a corner of
and passive abilities, the specific wording of the ability will let the battlefield, should you place the entire 40mm objective marker
you know exactly when you can use it; the colour is just there on the battlefield, or should the centre of the objective marker be on
as a play aid. If a phase is not specified, the colour indicates the the corner?
most common phase it is used in or, if it is used in multiple phases A: The centre of the objective marker should be on the corner.
equally, the timing bar is black.
9.1.2 TERRITORIES
Q: Some abilities have a green timing bar. What does this mean? Q: If a rule requires that a unit be ‘outside of friendly territory’ or
A: The green timing bar is used to indicate defensive abilities, ‘wholly outside of friendly territory’, would a unit that is not on the
many of which can be used in multiple phases. battlefield (for example a destroyed unit or a unit in reserve) count?
A: No.
Q: Are non-passive abilities such as ‘Burning Wyrdflame’ optional
to use? 10.1 UNIVERSAL DEPLOYMENT PHASE ABILITIES
A: Yes. You must apply the effects of passive abilities and abilities Q: Can you choose to deploy units that are in a regiment using the
that state that they must be used if it is possible to do so, but all ‘Deploy Unit’ ability instead of ‘Deploy Regiment’?
other abilities are optional to use. A: Yes. However, once a unit in a regiment has been deployed in
this manner, you can no longer use ‘Deploy Regiment’ to deploy
5.1 KEYWORDS the remaining units in that regiment, since the declare step of that
Q: In ‘Pick a friendly non-HeroLegion of the First Prince ability specifies that ‘No units in that regiment can have already
Daemon Infantry or Cavalry unit that has been destroyed to been deployed.’
be the target’ (and similar wordings with multiple keywords), does
‘Cavalry unit’ mean just that (i.e. with no other keywords) or Q: Is it mandatory for players to set up a faction terrain feature (if
does it mean ‘friendly non-Hero Legion of the First Prince one is included on their roster) during the deployment phase?
Daemon Cavalry unit’? A: No. A player can choose not to use the ‘Deploy Faction Terrain’
A: It means ‘friendly non-Hero Legion of the First Prince ability. However, if both players choose to set up a faction terrain
Daemon Cavalry unit’. feature, the player who begins deployment must set up their faction
terrain features first (as specified in Step 1 of 10.0).
4

--- Page 5 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
CORE RULES
12.0 START OF BATTLE ROUND Q: When a unit uses a Shoot ability, does it have to shoot with all
Q: When determining the active player, how do you determine when of the ranged weapons that it is armed with?
a player has ‘finished setting up their army’? A: Yes.
A: A player has finished setting up their army when all units in
their army have been deployed. This means that non-Deploy 17.0 THE ATTACK SEQUENCE
Deployment Phase abilities (e.g. The Masque’s ‘The Endless Dance’ Q: If an ability allows a unit to score critical hits on unmodified rolls
ability) happen after your army has ‘finished setting up’. of 5+, but that unit needs a 6 to hit (e.g. as a result of subtracting 1
from hit rolls), would unmodified hit rolls of 5 hit the target? If so,
14.3 CHARGE PHASE would they still trigger any critical hit effects?
Q: When using the ‘Charge’ ability, does my unit need to end the A: Although the hits would count as critical hits, the attacks would
charge move within ½" of an enemy unit that was visible to the not score a successful hit. As the attack sequence ends if an attack
charging unit at the start of that charge move? fails, effects such as Crit (2 Hits) or Crit (Auto-wound) would
A: No. It must end the charge move within ½" of an enemy have no effect. However, effects that are resolved immediately, such
unit that is visible to the charging unit when it finishes that as Crit (Mortal),would still be triggered by those critical hits.
charge move.
18.3 SLAIN MODELS
Q: If an ability adds or subtracts to the number of dice that make up Q: Do models removed as a result of a unit being out of coherency
a charge roll, is that a modifier to the charge roll? count as having been slain?
A: No. A: Yes.
15.2 MOVING ACROSS TERRAIN 19.0 STRIKE-FIRST AND STRIKE-LAST
Q: The rules for moving across terrain state that a model cannot Q: Can I use an ability that allows a friendly unit that does not
end a move mid-climb. How can you tell if a model is mid-climb? have Strike-first to fight immediately after a friendly unit
A: A model is mid-climb if it is not possible to rest it on its base in that has Strike-first if there are one or more enemy units with
that location without additional support. As there is a wide variety Strike-first that have not yet been picked to fight?
of terrain and models, it is acceptable for a model to end a move A: No. As mentioned in the sidebar next to 19.0, abilities that allow
with its base at a slight angle because of uneven terrain beneath it, a unit to use a Fight ability immediately after another unit do not
but at least half of its base must be within 1" of the terrain feature override the Strike-first constraints, so you cannot pick a unit
that the model is on or it will be considered mid-climb. that does not have Strike-first to fight until all other units that
have Strike-first have fought.
15.4 FLYING
Q: If an ability that allows a unit to move states that the unit cannot Q: If a friendly unit is the only unit that has Strike-first on the
move into combat (e.g. Normal Move), does Fly allow that unit to battlefield and it has an ability that allows a friendly unit to fight
move across an enemy unit’s combat range? immediately after it, in what order would units be picked to fight?
A: Yes. A: If you are the active player, the unit that has Strike-first
would fight first, then you could use the ability to allow another
16.0 PICKING TARGETS friendly unit to fight immediately after it, and then you would pick
Q: When making shooting attacks, can all models in the the next unit to fight (i.e. three friendly units would fight back
attacking unit shoot even if the target unit is not visible to some of to back). If your opponent is the active player, the unit that has
those models? Strike-first would fight first, you could still use the ability to
A: No, the only models in the attacking unit that can make allow another friendly unit to fight, and then your opponent would
shooting attacks are those that the target unit is visible to. pick the next unit to fight.
5

--- Page 6 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
CORE RULES
20.0 WEAPON ABILITIES Q: If an ability allows a replacement unit to be set up with half the
Q: Can I combine multiple instances of the same weapon ability? models from the original unit, could I then use an ability such as
For example, if a weapon already has Anti-Infantry (+1 Rend) ‘Rally’ to return models to that unit until it reached the unit size of
and it can also gain that ability from another source, would it now the original unit?
have +2 Rend against Infantry units? A: No. A replacement unit is treated as a new unit with a new
A: No. unit size.
Q: If a weapon has the Companion weaponability, would it be 25.0 GUARDED HEROES
affected by friendly abilities that grant new weapon abilities or that Q: If an ability allows me to ignore the effects of the ‘Guarded Hero’
modify weapon abilities that the weapon already has? ability when picking targets (e.g. the Warlock Engineer’s ‘Sniper-
A: No, unless the ability specifically names the weapon or states master’ ability), would the attacking unit still be affected by the -1 to
that it affects Companion weapons. hit penalty from ‘Guarded Hero’?
A: Yes.
21.0 HEALING
Q: If an ability (e.g. ‘Seed of Rebirth’) would allow a unit that would 28.0 ADVANCED ABILITY RULES
be destroyed to negate all remaining damage points then heal to Q: If a rule says to pick a number of units with one keyword or
prevent that unit from being destroyed, and another ability (e.g. another (e.g. ‘Pick up to 3 friendly Skink Infantry or Cavalry
‘Quenching the Flames’) prevents that unit from healing, would that units’), could you pick a combination of units with either keyword,
unit still be destroyed? or do all the units you pick need to have the same keyword?
A: Yes. A: You can mix and match. In the example given, you could pick 1
Skink Infantry unit and 2 Skink Cavalry units.
24.0 SETTING UP UNITS
Q: Can a unit use a Move ability and then be affected by an Q: If a persisting effect applies to a unit that is destroyed, and
ability which removes them from the battlefield and sets them up another ability allows that unit to return to the battlefield (e.g. the
again in the same movement phase? For example, could a friendly ‘Resurrection’ prayer from the Path to Glory: Ascension battlepack),
non-MonsterStormcast Eternals unit move to be wholly does the persisting effect apply to the returned unit?
within 6" of a Stormreach Portal, and then in the same movement A: No.
phase use the ‘Step Into the Storm’ ability?
A: Yes. Units cannot use Move abilities in the movement phase Q: If a part of an ability’s effect does not state that you ‘can’ or
after being set up on the battlefield that turn, but are able to use ‘must’ do it, is it mandatory to resolve that part of the effect?
Move abilities before doing so. A: Yes. Any part of an effect that is not optional is mandatory. If
you cannot resolve one part of an effect, none of it applies. For
24.2 REPLACEMENT UNITS instance, if a player picked the Wizard casting ‘The Hand of
Q: If a destroyed unit had an enhancement, and an ability allows Gork’ to also be the target of the spell, the effect could not be fully
me to set up a replacement of that unit, would the replacement unit resolved – it would be impossible for the target to be removed from
also have that enhancement? the battlefield and set up again wholly within 24" of the caster –
A: No. and so the spell would have no effect.
Q: If an ability allows a replacement unit to be set up with half the 28.2 ‘ONCE PER’ TIMINGS
models from the original unit, and the original unit has to have a Q: If an ability that is not on a unit’s warscroll has the ‘Once Per
certain proportion of models equipped with specific weapons, does Turn’, ‘Once Per Battle’ or ‘Once Per Battle Round’ timing (without
the new unit also need to adhere to the same restrictions? ‘(Army)’ afterwards), can multiple friendly units use that ability in
A: No. As stated in 24.2, you can pick any models from the original that time period?
unit to be set up in the replacement unit. A: It depends on who is using the ability (see the sidebar next to
28.2). If a unit is using the ability (i.e. the declare step specifically
says to pick a unit to use it), then each unit could use that ability
in that time period. If the player is using the ability (i.e. nothing in
the ability specifically says that it is used by a unit), it can only be
used once in that time period. Note that picking the target of an
ability is not the same as picking a unit to use that ability.
6

--- Page 7 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
ADVANCED RULES
ADDENDA
The following rules updates add text in order to clarify ambiguities and/or avoid unintended interactions.
MAGIC, 7.0 MANIFESTATIONS Add the following:
Replace: ‘Some faction terrain features allow you to place a unit on them
‘No more than 1 friendly Wizard or Priest can attempt to (this will be clearly specified in that terrain feature’s rules). When
summon the same manifestation per turn.’ doing so, instead of measuring range or visibility to and from the
with: unit that is on that terrain feature, measure to and from the terrain
‘No more than 1 friendly Wizard or Priest can attempt to feature instead. Unless otherwise specified, units on a faction
summon the same manifestation per turn, and a friendly Wizard terrain feature cannot use Fight abilities.
or Priest cannot attempt to summon a friendly manifestation
that was removed from play in the same turn.’ If a unit placed on a terrain feature is removed from it (e.g. if an
ability removes them from the battlefield), that unit counts as
MAGIC, 7.2 BANISHING MANIFESTATIONS having left that terrain feature and loses any special role or benefits
Add the following to the declare step of ‘Banish Manifestation’: it had as a result of being placed on it.’
‘Add 1 to the banishment roll for each additional enemy
manifestation on the battlefield after the first.’ ARMY COMPOSITION, 3.5 REGIMENTS OF RENOWN
Add the following:
TERRAIN, 1.5 FACTION TERRAIN ‘• You cannot include more than 1 Regiment of Renown in your
Add the following to the bulleted list: army unless otherwise specified in the notes column of that
‘• If a terrain feature has any melee or ranged weapons, it can use regiment’s battle profile.
the ‘Fight’ and ‘Shoot’ Core abilities as if it were a unit. • Units in a Regiment of Renown cannot use (but can be picked
• Terrain features that have a Move characteristic of 0" (‘-’) cannot as the target of, if otherwise eligible) any faction rules from the
move (note that pile-in moves are a type of move). faction they are allied into, including enhancements and lores,
• Faction terrain features with a Move characteristic greater than unless they have a keyword that matches that faction’s name.
‘-’ are treated as if they were units in all phases for the purposes of • If an ability allows you to set up a replacement unit (Core Rules,
movement, combat range, being in combat and setting up terrain 24.2) for a unit in a Regiment of Renown, that unit also counts as
features, other manifestations and other units.’ being part of that Regiment of Renown.’
7

--- Page 8 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
ADVANCED RULES
ERRATA
The following rules updates correct errors in order to clarify ambiguities and/or avoid unintended interactions.
COMMANDS, 4.0 SHOOTING PHASE COMMANDS MAGIC, 2.0 SPELLS
Change the ‘Covering Fire’ declare and effect to: Change the third paragraph to:
‘Enemy reactions can only be used if the casting roll equals
‘Declare: Pick a friendly unit that did not use a Run ability or exceeds the spell’s casting value. So long as the spell is not
this turn and that is not in combat to use this ability, then unbound (see 4.0), then it is successfully cast: resolve its effect.’
pick the closest enemy unit (to that unit) that can be picked as
the target of shooting attacks to be the target. You cannot pick MAGIC, 3.0 PRAYERS
Manifestations or faction terrain features as the target of In the second paragraph, change ‘On a chanting roll of 2 or more’
this ability. to ‘On an unmodified chanting roll of 2 or more’.
Effect: Resolve shooting attacks for the unit using this ability MAGIC, 7.0 MANIFESTATIONS
against the target. You must subtract 1 from the hit rolls for Change the sixth bullet point to:
those attacks.’ ‘Manifestations that have a Move characteristic of 0" (‘-’) cannot
move. For the purposes of movement, combat range, being in
TERRAIN, 1.2 UNIVERSAL TERRAIN ABILITIES combat and setting up other units, they are only treated as if they
In the ‘Cover’ ability, change ‘charged’ to ‘charged this turn’. were units in the combat phase. Units can finish a charge move
within ½" of an enemy manifestation that has a Move characteristic
Change ‘Obscuring’ to: of 0" (‘-’) instead of within ½" of an enemy unit.’
‘Obscuring: A unit cannot be targeted by shooting attacks made by
enemy units that are not within its combat range if it is behind or ARMY COMPOSITION, 1.3 BATTLE PROFILES
wholly on this terrain feature, unless it has the Fly keyword.’ Change the final sentence to:
‘Battle profiles for each unit are available
TERRAIN, 1.5 FACTION TERRAIN at warhammer-community.com.’
In the first bullet point, change ‘In the charge phase and the
combat phase’ to ‘In the combat phase’. ARMY COMPOSITION, 3.2 THE GENERAL
Change the first sentence to:
‘You must pick 1 Hero in your army that is leading a regiment to
be your general.’
8

--- Page 9 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
ADVANCED RULES
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
In this series of questions and answers, the rules-writing team respond to players’ queries and explain how the rules are intended to be used.
COMMANDS, 3.0 MOVEMENT PHASE COMMANDS Q: If an ability requires you to set up a unit more than 9" from
Q: If an ability modifies a run roll, does that ability modify all enemy units, could you set up a unit within 9" of a faction
the roll made in the ‘Redeploy’ ability, since ‘Redeploy’ has the terrain feature?
Run keyword? A: Yes. However, some faction terrain features (such as the Shrine
A: No, named rolls such as run roll are only modified by abilities Luminor) allow a unit to be placed on them. Since, in these cases,
that specifically call out that type of roll. you measure range and visibility to and from the terrain feature
instead of the unit, you would not be able to set up a unit within 9"
COMMANDS, 4.0 SHOOTING PHASE COMMANDS of a faction terrain feature that has a unit on it.
Q: If a friendly unit is in combat and is armed with a weapon that
has Shoot in Combat, can it use the ‘Covering Fire’ command? Q: Are faction terrain features affected by friendly abilities (e.g.
A: No, you can only pick units that are not in combat to use those that give units the Ward keyword)?
that ability. A: No.
Q: If a unit cannot be picked to be the target of shooting attacks Q: Can faction terrain features use command abilities?
(e.g. an Infantry Hero affected by the ‘Guarded Hero’ ability) A: No, unless that command is on the faction terrain
but is the closest unit to a friendly unit using the ‘Covering Fire’ feature’s warscroll.
command, do I still have to target that unit?
A: No, you must pick the nearest eligible unit that can be picked to Q: If an ability or battle tactic requires a unit to be destroyed (e.g.
be the target of shooting attacks. ‘The Blood Tithe’), does destroying a faction terrain feature count?
A: No.
Q: If a faction terrain feature is closer to a friendly unit using the
‘Covering Fire’ command than any other units, do I have to target Q: Can a unit placed on a faction terrain feature be picked as the
that faction terrain feature? Can I choose to? target of enemy abilities (as opposed to the target of attacks)? For
A: No to both. However, some faction terrain features (such as the example, if I were to pick a Shrine Luminor as the target of the
Shrine Luminor) allow a unit to be placed on them. Since, in these Realmshaper Engine’s ‘Power Unleashed’ ability, could I pick the
cases, you measure range and visibility to and from the terrain hero placed on the Shrine Luminor as a target of that ability?
feature instead of the unit, you would have to target that terrain A: Yes.
feature if it was closest.
Q: Do I need to use a Retreat ability to move away from a faction
Q: If a manifestation is closer to a friendly unit using the ‘Covering terrain feature that has a Move characteristic of 0"?
Fire’ command than any other units, do I have to target that A: No, you can use any Move ability. However, some faction
manifestation? Can I choose to? terrain features (such as the Shrine Luminor) allow a unit to be
A: No to both. placed on them. Since, in these cases, you measure range and
visibility to and from the terrain feature instead of the unit, you
COMMANDS, 8.0 END OF TURN COMMANDS would have to use a Retreat ability to move away from a terrain
Q: When using the ‘Power Through’ command, can my models pass feature that has a unit on it.
through enemy models in the target unit or only through the target
unit’s combat range? MAGIC
A: Your models can only pass through the target unit’s combat Q: Can units in my army use the example spell and example prayer
range, unless your unit has Fly or is otherwise allowed to pass from the sidebar?
through models. A: No.
Q: Can faction terrain or manifestations be picked as the target for MAGIC, 1.1 POWER LEVEL
‘Power Through’? Q: If a unit has multiple power levels (e.g. a Hero that is both a
A: Yes, if it has a Move characteristic greater than ‘-’. Wizard and a Priest), and another ability modifies that unit’s
power level (e.g. the ‘Witchbane Curse’ prayer), which power level
TERRAIN, 1.5 FACTION TERRAIN does it modify?
Q: Are faction terrain features still subject to the restrictions in Core A: If that ability only targets Wizards or only targets Priests, it
Rules, 5.3 The Rules of One? modifies the corresponding power level. If it could target either or
A: Yes. does not specify the target, it modifies both.
9

--- Page 10 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
ADVANCED RULES
MAGIC, 2.0 SPELLS ARMY COMPOSITION, 2.2 ARMIES OF RENOWN
Q: Is mortal damage inflicted by a miscast considered to be ‘mortal Q: When using an Army of Renown, can I pick a faction terrain
damage inflicted by a Spell ability’ for the purposes of abilities like feature to include on my roster?
the Tzeentch effect of the ‘Marks of Chaos’ ability? A: Yes, unless that Army of Renown’s rules specifically state that
A: No. you cannot include a faction terrain feature.
MAGIC, 7.0 MANIFESTATIONS ARMY COMPOSITION, 3.1 REGIMENTS
Q: Are manifestations still subject to the restrictions in Core Rules, Q: If a Hero is able to join another Hero’s regiment (e.g. The
5.3 The Rules of One? Shadow Queen joining Morathi-Khaine or an Assassin joining a
A: Yes. Dreadlord on Black Dragon), do they take the place of a non-Hero
unit in that regiment?
Q: Are manifestations affected by friendly abilities that would A: Yes.
normally affect units (e.g. those that give units the Ward keyword)?
A: No, except for those permitted in Magic, 7.0, and those that Q: Can I add units from other factions to my Heroes’ regiments?
specifically affect manifestations (such as ‘Banish Manifestation’). A: No. The only way to add units from other factions to your army
is by taking an eligible Regiment of Renown.
Q: Can manifestations use command abilities?
A: No, unless that command is on the manifestation’s warscroll. Q: If a Hero’s regiment options contain multiple excluded keywords
(e.g. non-Beast non-Monster), can it include units in its regiment
Q: If an ability or battle tactic requires a unit to be destroyed (e.g. that have only one of those keywords?
‘The Blood Tithe’), does destroying a manifestation count? A: No, it cannot include units with any of those keywords.
A: No.
Q: Can my army include a Warmaster (e.g. Sigvald, Prince of
Q: Do I need to use a Retreat ability to move away from a Slaanesh) in another hero’s regiment?
manifestation that has a Move characteristic of 0"? A: Yes, but only if your army includes another Warmaster unit,
A: No, you can use any Move ability. since your general must lead a regiment, and you must pick a
Warmaster as your general if there are any Warmaster units
Q: If a manifestation has a Move characteristic that is greater than in your army.
0", can it use Move abilities in the movement phase of the same
turn in which it was set up? ARMY COMPOSITION, 3.5 REGIMENTS OF RENOWN
A: No. Q: If a Regiment of Renown includes a wizard, could that wizard
cast spells from a universal manifestation lore that was picked for
Q: If a power level 2 or higher wizard miscasts their first spell, could that army?
they still use the ‘Banish Manifestation’ ability in that phase? A: Yes.
A: Yes. Miscasting only prevents that wizard from using any more
spells in that phase. Q: If a Regiment of Renown (e.g. the Coven of Thryx) includes one
or more manifestations, do those manifestations replace picking a
Q: If a manifestation has multiple parts (e.g. Geminids of Uhl-Gysh) manifestation lore for my army?
and is in combat, can one part of the manifestation be ‘in combat’ A: No, they are in addition.
while the other is not? If one part is in combat can the other part
make a pile-in move? Q: Does a Regiment of Renown require a Hero to lead it?
A: If any part of a manifestation is considered to be in combat, the A: No. As stated in 3.5, Regiments of Renown are pre-built
entire manifestation is considered to be in combat. If one part can regiments, so they only include the units stated in their unit
pile in, all parts can pile in (but must all pile in towards the same summary/organisation section.
enemy unit as per the rules for piling in).
10

--- Page 11 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
PATH TO GLORY: ASCENSION
ERRATA
The following rules updates correct errors in order to clarify ambiguities and/or avoid unintended interactions.
PATH TO GLORY ROSTER, STEP 1
Replace ‘It must have a points value of 300 or less’ with ‘It must
have a points value of 350 or less’.
PATH OF THE MAGE
Change ‘Magical Might’ to:
Reaction: You declared a Spell ability for this Wizard
MAGICAL MIGHT: This wizard is invigorated
through the harnessing of magic.
Effect: If that spell is cast, after resolving the effects
of that spell, Heal (D3) this Wizard.
11

--- Page 12 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
GLOSSARY
ADDENDA
The following rules updates add text in order to clarify ambiguities and/or avoid unintended interactions.
Add the following definition: Add the following definition:
‘drops: The minimum number of Deploy abilities that a player ‘removed from play/removed from the battlefield: When a model
can use to set up their army. This is usually equal to the number of or unit is removed from the battlefield, it no longer has any effect
regiments in their army plus the number of auxiliary units in their on the battle, though it can still be relevant for abilities that allow
army. (Core Rules, 10.1)’ you to return models or replace units.’
Add the following definition: Add the following definition:
‘fought: A unit has fought if it used any Fight abilities in the ‘used: An ability has been used once it has been declared, whether
same turn.’ or not its effect was successfully resolved. (Core Rules, 5.2)’
ERRATA
The following rules updates correct errors in order to clarify ambiguities and/or avoid unintended interactions.
Change the definition of Champion to: Remove the following text from Strike-last:
‘Champion: Model’s weapons have +1 to Attacks characteristic. ‘If both players have units with Strike-last, they alternate
(Command Models, 1.0)’ fighting with those units after all other eligible units have fought,
starting with the active player.’
Change the definition of contesting to:
‘contesting: Models contest objectives within their combat range Change the definition of underdog to:
(3"). When determining objective control, the same unit cannot ‘underdog: Player with fewest victory points. If tied, there is no
contest more than 1 objective at the same time; the player must underdog for that battle round.’
pick 1 if more than 1 is within range. (Core Rules, 32.1)’
Change the first sentence of the entry for ‘modifiers
Change the definition of Counter-charge to: (characteristic)’ to ‘Characteristics cannot be modified to less than
‘Counter-charge: Command, 2CP. Charge in enemy charge phase. 1, with the exception of Rend, which can be modified to 0.’
(Commands, 5.0)’
MATCHED PLAY: FIRST BLOOD
ERRATA
The following rules updates correct errors in order to clarify ambiguities and/or avoid unintended interactions.
BATTLEPLAN 1, BORDER WAR
Change the first sentence of the Twist rule to:
‘Score 2 additional victory points if you control the objective wholly within enemy territory.’
12

--- Page 13 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
SPEARHEAD: FIRE AND JADE
ERRATA
The following rules updates correct errors in order to clarify ambiguities and/or avoid unintended interactions.
STORMCAST ETERNALS, VIGILANT BROTHERHOOD KHARADRON OVERLORDS, SKYHAMMER
Add the Infantry keyword to the keyword bar on the TASK FORCE
Lord-Veritant’s warscroll. Add the Reinforcements keyword (and icon) to the Arkanaut
Company and Skywardens warscrolls.
Change the timing of ‘Shield of Azyr’ to ‘Once Per Turn, Your
Hero Phase’. In the Arkanaut Frigate’s ‘Bomb Racks’ ability, change the declare
step to:
STORMCAST ETERNALS, YNDRASTA’S SPEARHEAD ‘Pick an enemy unit that this unit passed across this phase to be
Add the Infantry keyword to the keyword bar on the target.’
Yndrasta’s warscroll. and the effect to:
‘Inflict D3+1 mortal damage on the target.’
SYLVANETH, BITTERBARK COPSE
Add the following to the effect of the ‘Seed of Rebirth’ ability: IDONETH DEEPKIN, SOULRAID HUNT
‘This unit cannot use this ability again for the rest of the battle.’ On the Isharann Soulscryer warscroll, change the effect of ‘Ritual
of the Creeping Mist’ to:
FLESH-EATER COURTS, CARRION RETAINERS ‘On a 3+, until the start of your next turn, subtract 1 from wound
Add the Reinforcements keyword to the keyword bar on the rolls for attacks that target that unit.’
Cryptguard’s warscroll.
Change the timing of ‘Ethersea Predators’ to ‘Once Per Turn
GLOOMSPITE GITZ, BAD MOON MADMOB (Army), End of Any Turn’.
Change the timing of ‘The Hand of Gork’ to ‘Once Per Battle
(Army), Your Movement Phase’. CITIES OF SIGMAR, CASTELITE COMPANY
Change the timing of ‘The Officar’s Order’ to ‘Once Per Battle
Add the following to the Battle Traits: Round, Start of Battle Round’.
‘One of your units of Squig Hoppers is not set up during the
deployment phase. Instead, from the third battle round onwards, In the army composition box, change ‘10 Freeguild Steelhelms’ to
they can use the following ability: ‘5 Freeguild Steelhelms, 5 Freeguild Steelhelms’ (i.e. two units of 5
models rather than 1 unit of 10 models).
Your Movement Phase
SQUIGALANCHE: A curious, arrhythmic pounding and
Add the Reinforcements keyword to the keyword bar on the
cackles of wicked glee in the distance signal the approach of a
Freeguild Cavaliers’ warscroll.
mob of manic Squig Hoppers!
Effect: Set up this unit wholly within your territory, wholly
within 3" of a battlefield edge and more than 6" from all
enemy units.
13

--- Page 14 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
SPEARHEAD: FIRE AND JADE
HEDONITES OF SLAANESH, BLADES OF THE OGOR MAWTRIBES, TYRANT’S BELLOW
LURID DREAM Change the ‘On the Mawpath’ text to:
Add the Reinforcements keyword (and icon) to the Slaangor ‘Your Ironblaster, Mournfang Pack and 1 unit of Ogor Gluttons
Fiendbloods warscroll. are not set up during the deployment phase. Instead, from the
third battle round onwards, they can use the following ability:’
In ‘Temptations of Slaanesh’, lower the number of depravity points
needed for the ‘Sadistic Spite’ effect to 18+ and for the ‘Oblivious SOULBLIGHT GRAVELORDS, BLOODCRAVE HUNT
Indulgence’ effect to 24+. Change the timing of the Deathrattle Skeletons ability ‘Skeleton
Legion’ to ‘Your Combat Phase’.
LUMINETH REALM-LORDS, GLITTERING PHALANX
Remove the Facet of War keyword from ‘Lightning Reactions’. FLUXBLADE COVEN, DISCIPLES OF TZEENTCH
Add the Reinforcements keyword to the keyword bar on the
SLAVES TO DARKNESS, BLOODWIND LEGION Kairic Acolytes warscroll.
Add the following to the Battle Traits:
‘Your Chaos Knights unit is not set up during the deployment HEARTFLAYER TROUPE, DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE
phase. Instead, from the second battle round onwards, they can On the Melusai Ironscale’s warscroll, change the effect of ‘All-Out
use the following ability: Slaughter’ to:
‘Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of the target’s melee weapons
Your Movement Phase
for the rest of the turn.’
DREADED ARRIVAL: To the thunderous beating of
flame-trailing hooves and clattering Chaos Armour, the
TERRAIN
knights arrive to shatter the enemy.
Add the following:
Effect: Set up this unit wholly within your territory, within 1" ‘When a unit is targeted by an attack, if it is impossible to draw a
of a battlefield edge and more than 6" from all enemy units. straight line from the closest point on the attacking model’s base to
the closest point on a model in the target unit’s base without that
Also, in ‘The Dread Banner’, change the declare step to ‘Pick a line passing over a terrain feature, the target unit is considered to
friendly Chaos Warriors unit.’ be behind a terrain feature for that attack.’
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
In this series of questions and answers, the rules-writing team respond to players’ queries and explain how the rules are intended to be used.
Q: If a rule requires more friendly models than enemy models to be contesting a terrain feature (e.g. the Ghyran twist ‘Take the Land’ or the
battle tactic ‘Hold Ground’), should I use the control scores of my units contesting that terrain feature?
A: Yes. In these cases, the rule should be treated in the same way as determining control of a terrain feature (Core Rules, 32.3).
14

--- Page 15 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
SPEARHEAD: SAND AND BONE
ERRATA
The following rules updates correct errors in order to clarify ambiguities and/or avoid unintended interactions.
BATTLE TACTICS CARDS BATTLEPLAN: SAND AND BONE
In ‘Monument of Living Bone’, change the effect to: In step 4 of the Pre-battle Sequence, replace:
‘The target is also treated as an objective for the rest of the turn.’ ‘Then they set up the mystical terrain for that realm battlefield as
shown on the deployment maps, if any.’
TWIST CARDS With:
In the Dolorum twist ‘Survivor’s Grief’, replace: ‘Then, if you are fighting on the Ossia realm battlefield, set up a
‘Each player scores 1 victory point at the end of their turn for each Crypt of Blood terrain feature in the middle of the battlefield.’
friendly unit that is destroyed or that is a replacement unit.’
With: TERRAIN
‘Each player scores 1 victory point at the end of their turn for each Add the following:
friendly unit from their Spearhead that has either been destroyed ‘When a unit is targeted by an attack, if it is impossible to draw a
or replaced this battle, not including replacement units.’ straight line from the closest point on the attacking model’s base to
the closest point on a model in the target unit’s base without that
line passing over a terrain feature, the target unit is considered to
be behind a terrain feature for that attack.’
15

--- Page 16 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
GENERAL’S HANDBOOK 2024-25
ERRATA
The following rules updates correct errors in order to clarify ambiguities and/or avoid unintended interactions.
MORBID CONJURATION AETHERVOID PENDULUM
Increase the casting value of ‘Summon Suffocating Gravetide’ to 8. Change the effect of the ‘Scything Blade’ ability to:
‘This Manifestation can move a distance up to its Move
LAUCHON THE SOULSEEKER characteristic in one direction (see ‘The Pendulum Swings’). It can
Change the second sentence of the effect of the ‘Traverse the Tides pass through models during that move and can end that move in
of Death’ ability to: combat. Then, pick up to 3 enemy units that this Manifestation
‘It can pass through models during that move but cannot end that passed across during that move or that are within ½" of it to be
move in combat.’ the targets. Roll a D6 for each target. On a 2+, inflict an amount of
mortal damage on the target equal to the roll.’
MALEVOLENT MAELSTROM
Change the declare step of ‘Morbid Detonation’ to: RAVENAK’S GNASHING JAWS
‘Declare: You must, and can only, use this ability if this unit has 6 Remove the ‘Wild Form’ ability.
maelstrom points. Pick each unit (friendly and enemy) within 9"
of it to be the targets.’ BATTLEPLAN: BORDER WAR
Remove ‘The Vice’ from the list of battleplans that can use the
SUFFOCATING GRAVETIDE Border War map layout.
Change the second sentence of the ‘Pulled to the Grave’ ability to:
‘It can pass through models during that move but cannot end that BATTLEPLAN: STARSTRIKE
move in combat.’ In the twist, replace:
‘If an objective would be set up wholly or partially on a terrain
PURPLE SUN OF SHYISH feature, do not do so. Instead, inflict D6 mortal damage on each
Change the second sentence of the ‘End Given Form’ ability to: unit wholly or partially on that terrain feature.’
‘It can pass through models during that move but cannot end that with:
move in combat.’ ‘If an objective would be set up wholly or partially on a faction
terrain feature, that terrain feature and any units on it are
Remove the ‘Wild Form’ ability. destroyed, then the objective is set up normally. If the objective
would be set up wholly or partially on other terrain features, do not
do so. Instead, inflict D6 mortal damage on each unit wholly or
partially on that terrain feature.’
16

--- Page 17 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
GENERAL’S HANDBOOK 2025-26
ADDENDA
The following rules updates add text in order to clarify ambiguities and/or avoid unintended interactions.
SEASON RULES (2025-26) TERRAIN, 1.5 FACTION TERRAIN
Add the following rule: Add the following to the bulleted list:
‘• Faction terrain features with a Move characteristic greater than
‘REGIMENTED FORCES ‘-’ are treated as if they were units in all phases for the purposes
If a player has more regiments than their opponent at the start of movement, combat range, being in combat and setting up
of the battle, then once per battle, that player can re-roll their terrain features, other manifestations and other units.’
priority roll after seeing the result of both players’ rolls but before
determining priority for that battle round.’
ERRATA
The following rules updates correct errors in order to clarify ambiguities and/or avoid unintended interactions.
COMMANDS (2025-26) MAGIC (2025-26)
Change the timing of ‘Covering Fire’ to ‘Enemy Shooting Phase’. In the keywords bar of the ‘Unbind’ ability, change the Prayer
keyword to the Unbind keyword.
Add the following to the declare step for ‘Covering Fire’:
‘You cannot pick Manifestations or faction terrain features as Change 1.1 Power Level to:
the target of this ability.’ ‘1.1 POWER LEVEL
Each Wizard and Priest has a power level shown after the
TERRAIN (2025-26) keyword, e.g.Wizard (2). A Wizard’s casting power level
In 1.1 Wholly On Terrain and Behind Terrain, change the second determines how many Spell abilities they can use per phase. A
paragraph to: Priest’s chanting power level determines how many Prayer
‘When a unit is targeted by an attack, if it is impossible to draw a abilities they can use per phase.
straight line from the closest point on the attacking model’s base to
the closest point on the base of a model in the target unit that is in MULTIPLE POWER LEVELS
range without that line passing over that terrain feature, the target • If an ability references a unit’s power level and that unit
unit is considered to be behind a terrain feature for the attack made has more than one power level, use whichever power level
by that attacking model. Ignore parts of the terrain feature within is higher.
the attacking unit’s combat range for the purposes of determining • If an ability modifies a unit’s power level and that unit has
if the target is behind that terrain feature.’ more than one power level, it modifies both.’
Remove 1.1.1 Shooting from Within Terrain in its entirety. ARMY COMPOSITION (2025-26)
Replace the second bullet point of 3.5 Regiments of Renown with:
In the ‘Rapid Sprouting’ effect of ‘Activate Place of Power’, replace ‘• Units in a Regiment of Renown cannot use (but can be picked
‘visible terrain feature’ with ‘visible non-Faction Terrain as the target of, if otherwise eligible) any faction rules from the
terrain feature’. faction they are allied into, including enhancements and lores,
unless they have a keyword that matches that faction’s name.’
In 1.5 Faction Terrain, remove the following sentence: ‘While a
faction terrain feature is garrisoned, it is a unit (see 1.5.1).’ In 4.1 Enhancements, change:
‘Enhancements cannot be given to Regiment of Renown units’
Add the following to 1.5.1 Garrisoning Faction Terrain Features: To:
‘Units cannot move while they are garrisoned on a terrain feature.’ ‘Enhancements cannot be given to Regiment of Renown units
unless they have a keyword that matches that faction’s name.’
17

--- Page 18 ---
®
BATTLE PROFILES
SEPTEMBER 2025
GENERAL’S HANDBOOK 2025-26
MANIFESTATION LORES, TWILIT SORCERIES BATTLE TACTICS CARD 3: INTERCEPT AND RECOVER
Add the following to the effect of ‘Summon Geminids of Uhl- Add the following to the top of the battle tactics card:
Gysh’: ‘If an ability would remove a unit that was carrying treasure from
‘A Geminids of Uhl-Gysh endless spell has 2 parts that must be set the battlefield and that unit is not set up again as part of the same
up within 9" of each other.’ ability (e.g. ‘Dark Apotheosis’ or ‘Red Ruin’), before removing that
unit from the battlefield, your opponent must give the treasure
SHARDS OF VALAGHARR it was carrying to another one of their units that does not have a
In the effect of ‘Phantasmal Translocation’, replace ‘not in combat’ Ghyranite treasure within 3" of that unit. If this is not possible,
with ‘more than 3" from all enemy units’. that unit counts as having been destroyed for the purpose of this
battle tactics card.’
BATTLEPLAN: LIFEROOTS
In the battleplan rules, replace ‘for each terrain feature they UPDATED
control’ with ‘for each non-Faction Terrain terrain feature BATTLE TACTICS CARD 5: SCOUTING FORCE
they control’. Replace:
‘At the start of the battle, every friendly non-Hero Infantry
BATTLEPLAN: LINKED LEYLINES and non-Hero Cavalry unit wholly within friendly territory
In the battleplan rules, change: becomes a scout unit.’
‘A linked ley line is formed across the battlefield (long edge to long with:
edge or short edge to short edge)’ ‘At the start of the battle, pick each friendly non-Hero Infantry
To: and non-Hero Cavalry unit that was not set up in reserve using
‘A linked ley line is formed from the middle of one edge of the a Deploy ability to become a scout unit.’
battlefield to the middle of the opposite edge’
NEW
BATTLEPLAN: PATHS OF THE FEY In the Strike: Bold Explorers battle tactic rule, replace ‘3 or
Change the effect of ‘The Spirit Paths Open’ to: more objectives or terrain features’ with ‘3 or more objectives or
‘All units within 6" of any target objectives must be removed from non-Faction Terrain terrain features’.
the battlefield by their commander. Those units are vanished.
Then, starting with you, players must take it in turns to set up each NEW
friendly vanished unit wholly within 3" of either target objective In the Domination: Courageous Adventurers battle tactic rule,
and more than 3" from all enemy units. Those units cannot use replace ‘is contesting a terrain feature’ with ‘is contesting a
Move abilities in the first movement phase of the battle round. non-Faction Terrain terrain feature’.
If it is impossible for a unit to be set up in this way, it is set up in
reserve as a lost unit.’ BATTLE TACTICS CARD 6: ATTUNED TO GHYRAN
Change the Strike: Fey Strikes battle tactic rule to:
BATTLEPLAN: GRASP OF THORNS ‘You complete this battle tactic at the end of your turn if all the
Add the following to the end of ‘Carnivorous Flora’: following are true:
‘That objective cannot be moved while there are any entangled • At least 2 friendly units moved as part of a Retreat ability this
models contesting it.’ turn. Those units are lure units.
• At least 2 other friendly units charged this turn and at least 1 of
BATTLE TACTIC CARD 2: RESTLESS ENERGY those units ended the charge move in combat with an enemy unit
In the Strike and Domination battle tactics, replace ‘control every from which any lure units retreated.’
objective’ with ‘control every objective that can be controlled’.
GLOSSARY 2025-26
In the glossary entry for Strike-last, remove ‘, starting with the
active player’.
Change the first sentence of the entry for ‘modifiers
(characteristic)’ to ‘Characteristics cannot be modified to less than
1, with the exception of Rend, which can be modified to 0.’
18

--- Page 19 ---
®
BATTLE PROFILES
SEPTEMBER 2025
GENERAL’S HANDBOOK 2025-26
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
In this series of questions and answers, the rules-writing team respond to players’ queries and explain how the rules are intended to be used.
Q: Can I complete the same battle tactic multiple times in a battle? BATTLEPLAN: CREEPING CORRUPTION
A: No, unless specified otherwise. Q: How does damage inflicted by ‘Pulsing Life Energies’ interact
with The Shadow Queen’s ‘Iron Heart of Khaine’ ability?
1.0 BATTLE TACTICS OVERVIEW A: Since the damage is inflicted in the Start of Battle Round timing
Q: If I have met the conditions to complete a battle tactic can I window, before either player’s turn has started, ‘Iron Heart of
choose not to complete that tactic at the end of my turn? Khaine’ would have no effect on those damage points. In addition,
A: No. If the conditions are fulfilled and you have not already those damage points would not count towards the limit on damage
scored a battle tactic from that card this turn, you must score that allocation from ‘Iron Heart of Khaine’ in the next turn.
battle tactic.
BATTLEPLAN: ROILING ROOTS
6.0 ATTACKING (SHOOTING AND COMBAT) Q: In the Roiling Roots battleplan, if a unit that has Strike-last
COMMANDS because it is contesting an objective that has been picked as the
Q: If a unit uses ‘All-out Attack’ in the shooting phase and the target of the ‘Tangling Tendrils’ ability, what happens if the models
combat phase, do I subtract 2 from save rolls for that unit? in that unit that are contesting that objective are slain?
A: No. Persisting effects (see 28.1) count as the effects of passive A: The unit only has Strike-last while any models in that unit
abilities for their duration, so units cannot be affected by the same are contesting that objective. It loses the Strike-last effect
persisting effect more than once. immediately after all of the models that were contesting that
objective have been slain and removed from the battlefield.
1.2 UNIVERSAL TERRAIN ABILITIES
Q: While every model in a friendly non-Monster unit is within 1" BATTLE TACTICS CARD 3: INTERCEPT AND RECOVER
of an Obscuring terrain feature, are they visible to friendly units? Q: If your opponent has picked the Intercept and Recover battle
A: Yes. They are just not visible to enemy units outside of their tactic card and they destroy 2 or 3 of your units that are carrying
combat range. Ghyranite Treasure in the same turn, and then they choose to
go first after going second in the previous battle round, can you
1.5 FACTION TERRAIN remove a Ghyranite Treasure that has not been scored yet from a
Q: If a hero is garrisoning a faction terrain feature, can it still be destroyed unit?
picked as the target of abilities other than attacks? A: Yes.
A: Yes.
Q: If both players have the Intercept and Recover battle tactic
2.2 ARMIES OF RENOWN card, what is the order in which players pick units to be carrying
Q: Can I use Scourge of Ghyran enhancements, lores and battle Ghyranite Treasures?
formations in an Army of Renown? A: The attacker picks all their units first, then the defender picks
A: No. all their units.
19

--- Page 20 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
FACTION PACKS
ERRATA
The following rules updates correct errors in order to clarify ambiguities and/or avoid unintended interactions.
CITIES OF SIGMAR DISCIPLES OF TZEENTCH
BATTLE TRAITS BATTLE TRAITS
Add the following to the declare step of the ‘Advance in In the second paragraph of the effect of ‘Masters of Destiny’, replace:
Formation’ ability: ‘they cannot be modified by other friendly abilities’
‘You cannot pick the same unit to be a target of this ability more with:
than once per turn.’ ‘they cannot be modified by other friendly abilities except for those
that apply negative modifiers.’
FUSIL-MAJOR ON OGOR WARHULK
In the effect of ‘Mark Targets’, replace ‘Add 1 to hit rolls for Change the effect of ‘Burning Wyrdflame’ to:
shooting attacks’ with ‘Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks.’ ‘Effect: Inflict D3 mortal damage on each Burning enemy unit,
Manifestation and faction terrain feature.’
TAHLIA VEDRA
Change the effect of ‘Lead from the Front’ to: Change the effect of ‘Quenching the Flames’ to:
‘For each target: ‘Effect: If an ability would heal or return slain models to a
• Add 1 to wound rolls for combat attacks made by that unit for the Burning enemy unit, Manifestation or terrain feature, that
rest of the turn. ability does not heal or return any slain models to it. Instead, it no
• That unit has Ward (5+) for the rest of the turn.’ longer has the Burning keyword.’
FREEGUILD FUSILIERS SPELL LORE
Change the effect of the ‘Fusiliers, Fire!’ ability to: Change the declare step of the ‘Shield of Fate’ spell to:
‘Effect: Each time this unit uses a Shoot ability, if it is in a ‘Declare: Pick a friendly Disciples of Tzeentch Wizard to
fortified position, it can pick either of the ranged weapon profiles cast this spell, pick a visible friendly Disciples of Tzeentch
for all the attacks it makes with its Fusil-cannons. If it is not in a unit wholly within 18" of them to be the target, then make a casting
fortified position, use the Mobile weapon characteristics.’ roll of 2D6.’
HAMMERERS CHAOS SPAWN OF TZEENTCH
Add the Champion, Musician (1/10) and Remove the declare step from the ‘A Twisted Fate’ ability. Change
Standard Bearer (1/10) keywords to the keywords bar. the Designer’s Note to:
‘Designer’s Note: If deployed using this ability, this unit can only be
WILDERCORPS HUNTERS set up on the battlefield using the ‘Transformed to Spawn’ spell.’
Add the following bullet point to the unit’s weapon options:
‘• The champion cannot replace their weapons.’ BLUE HORRORS AND BRIMSTONE HORRORS
Change the description paragraph to:
ASSASSIN ‘This unit starts the battle with 10 Blue Horror models or, if it
In the effect of ‘Hidden Murderer’, replace: is a reinforced unit, 20 Blue Horror models. Each is armed with
‘and this unit is not in combat,’ Spiteful Talons and Arcane Flames.
With: Brimstone Horrors models can be added to this unit using the
‘and there are no enemy units within this unit’s combat range’. ‘Split Again’ ability. Each is armed with Impish Talons and
Arcane Flames.’
DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE
BATTLE FORMATIONS TZAANGOR SHAMAN
Change the timing of the Shadow Patrol’s ‘Shadowpaths’ ability Add the Disc of Tzeentch keyword to the keywords bar.
to ‘Once Per Turn (Army), Your Movement Phase’ and remove the
Core keyword from the ability. KAIRIC ACOLYTES
Change the first line of this unit’s weapon options to:
‘Each model in this unit is armed with a Cursed Blade and
Sorcerous Bolt.’
20

--- Page 21 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
FACTION PACKS
BURNING SIGIL OF TZEENTCH DELETED
Change the timing of ‘Radiant Transmogrification’ to ‘Any Hero FLESH-EATER COURTS
Phase’ and the timing bar colour to gold. BATTLE TRAITS
Add the followingability:
Change the declare step and effect of ‘Radiant
Once Per Turn (Army), Your Hero Phase
Transmogrification’ to:
ADDRESS LOYAL SUBJECTS: Gibbering, growling and
‘Declare: This Manifestation must use this ability in each wild gesticulations are interpreted by the ghouls as a stirring
hero phase. Pick each unit (friendly and enemy) within 9" of this speech in the midst ofbattle.
Manifestation to be the targets.
Declare: Pick a friendly Flesh-eater Courts Hero to use
thisability.
‘Effect: Roll 2 dice, pick either result, then apply the corresponding
effect for the rest of the turn: Effect: Roll a dice for each other friendly Flesh-eater
1 No effect. Courts unit wholly within 12" of that Hero. For each 5+,
2-3 Add 2" to the Move characteristic of friendly Disciples give 1 noble deeds point to thatHero.
of Tzeentch targets and subtract 2" from the Move
characteristic of enemy targets. Change the ‘Muster Guard’ abilityto:
4 Add 1 to hit rolls for friendly Disciples of Tzeentch ‘Declare: Pick a friendly Courtier Hero that has 1 or more
targets and subtract 1 from hit rolls for enemy targets. noble deeds points to use this ability, then pick a friendly unit
5 Add 1 to wound rolls for friendly Disciples of Tzeentch wholly within 12" of it to be thetarget.
targets and subtract 1 from wound rolls for enemy targets.
6 Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of melee weapons used Effect: Spend any of that Hero’s noble deeds points. If the target
by friendly Disciples of Tzeentch targets and inflict D3 is a Serfs unit, for each noble deeds point spent, return 1 slain
mortal damage on each enemy target.’ model to it. If the target is a Knights unit, for every 2 noble deeds
points spent, return 1 slain model toit.’
KAIROS FATEWEAVER
Change Kairos’s weapons to the following: BATTLE FORMATIONS
Change the effect of ‘Raise the Banners’to:
RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
‘Each time an ability returns at least 1 slain model to a friendly
Bolts of Change 18" 9 4+ 3+ 1 1 unit that is not in combat, after that ability has been resolved, if
Wyrdflame
that unit is a Serfs unit, you can return 1 additional slain model
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg to it, and if it is a Knights unit, roll a dice. On a 4+, you can
Staff of Tomorrow 9 4+ 3+ 1 D3 return 1 additional slain model toit.’
and Beaks
HEROIC TRAITS
Change the effect of ‘Battle Damaged’ to: Change the ‘Cruel Taskmaster’ abilityto:
‘Effect: While this unit has 10 or more damage points, the Attacks ‘Effect: Each time a friendly unit wholly within 12" of this unit
characteristic of its Staff of Tomorrow and Beaks is 6.’ uses the ‘Rally’ command, you can make 3 additional rally rolls
ofD6.’
Change the ‘Oracle of Eternity’ ability to:
GRAND JUSTICE GORMAYNE
Once Per Battle (Army), Start of Your Turn In the effect of ‘Delusion of Justice Served’,replace:
ORACLE OF ETERNITY ‘On a 3+, pick 1 of the following effects to apply to the target until
Effect: Pick 1 battle tactics card that is on your roster and discard it. Then,
the start of your nextturn:’
for the rest of the battle, replace it with a battle tactics card that is not on
your roster. with:
If that new battle tactics card requires either player to pick something, they ‘On a 3+, this unit gains 1 noble deeds point. Then, pick 1 of
must do so immediately when the new battle tactics card is picked. the following effects to apply to the target until the start of your
The combined total of victory points earned by both the discarded battle
nextturn:’
tactics card and the new battle tactics card is 15. Any additional victory
points beyond 15 that are earned by completing the battle tactics on both of
those battle tactics cards are lost. MARROWSCROLL HERALD
In the ‘The King’s Entreaty’ ability, change the second sentence of
DAEMONIC SIMULACRUM the ‘Welcome the Disciple!’ effectto:
In the effect of ‘Manifested Jaws’, replace ‘power level’ with ‘casting ‘Each time your opponent declares a command, Spell ability or
power level’. Prayer ability for an Infected unit, roll a dice as areaction.’
21

--- Page 22 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
FACTION PACKS
CHARNEL THRONE HEDONITES OF SLAANESH
Change the declare step of ‘Reigning Champion’to: BATTLE TRAITS
‘Declare: If this terrain feature does not have a Steward, pick a Change ‘An Excess of Depravity’ to:
friendly Flesh-eater Courts Infantry Hero within 3" of it
Once Per Battle Round (Army), Start of Battle Round
and not in combat to be thetarget.’
AN EXCESS OF DEPRAVITY: Wherever the Hedonites of
Slaanesh roam, reality is unmade. Those who stand against
Change the effect of ‘Duty Calls’to: them are assailed by titillating phantasms and mind-bending
‘Effect: If this terrain feature has a Steward that was not placed illusions until they become slaves to their own base urges.
on it this turn, set up the Steward on the battlefield wholly within
Declare: Pick up to 3 friendly Hedonites of Slaanesh
6" of this terrain feature and not in combat. That unit is no longer
units to be the targets.
theSteward.’
Effect: The targets have the Euphoric keyword for the rest
FYRESLAYERS of the battle round.
BATTLE TRAITS
In addition, for each friendly unit you pick, give your
Change the timing of the ‘Rune of Relentless Zeal’ ability to opponent 1 temptation dice. During this battle round,
‘Once Per Battle (Army), Your Movement Phase’ and the timing instead of making a wound roll, save roll, ward roll or run
bar colour to grey. roll, your opponent can use 1 temptation dice to replace the
roll they would have made with a 6, or instead of making
BATTLE FORMATIONS a charge roll they can use 2 temptation dice to replace 2 of
the dice in a charge roll with two 6s (other dice could then
Change the effect of the ‘Bulwark of Molten Stone’ ability to:
be rolled normally). Rolls that have been replaced count as
‘Effect: Add 1 to save rolls for friendly Fyreslayers Infantry
unmodified rolls and cannot be re-rolled. You cannot use
units while they are wholly within friendly territory.’
temptation dice to replace a re-roll.
NEW Each time your opponent uses a temptation dice, they must
PRAYER LORE roll it. On a 1-2, your opponent’s roll is replaced by that value
instead of a 6, and you must allocate D3 damage points to
In the effect of ‘Wrath of Vulcatrix’, change the second
the unit for which the roll was replaced immediately after the
paragraph to:
ability used by that unit has been resolved (ward rolls cannot
‘If the chanting roll was 8+, for the rest of the turn, add 1 to the
be made for those damage points).
Attacks characteristic of the target’s Companion weapons for
every 4 damage points the target has instead.’ At the end of the battle round, any temptation dice that have
not been used are lost.
AURIC RUNESON ON MAGMADROTH
Change the effect of ‘Vying for Glory’ to: In the effect of ‘Euphoric Killers’, replace:
‘Effect: Each time this unit destroys a Monster, add 1 to the ‘That unit’s weapons have Crit (2 Hits).’
Attacks characteristic of this unit’s Ancestral Weapons for the rest with:
of the battle. This unit can be affected by this ability multiple times ‘That unit’s weapons, including Companion weapons, have
and the effects are cumulative.’ Crit (2 Hits).’
Designer’s Note: Note that ‘Sadistic Spite’ does not affect
Companion weapons.
SPELL LORE
Change the effect of ‘Phantasmagoria’ to:
‘Until the start of your next turn, each time the target is picked to
use a Fight ability, you can pick a friendly unit in combat with the
target. That friendly unit can move 2D3" after the Fight ability
has been resolved. It can pass through the combat ranges of enemy
units and can end that move in combat.’
SYNESSA, THE VOICE OF SLAANESH
Change the declare step of ‘Whispers of Doubt’ to:
‘Pick a visible enemy Hero within 18" of this unit to be the target,
then make a casting roll of 2D6’.
22

--- Page 23 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
FACTION PACKS
LUMINETH REALM-LORDS SHRINE LUMINOR
BATTLE TRAITS Change the first bullet point of the effect of ‘Shrine Guardian’ to:
Change the first sentence of the ‘Lightning Reactions’ ability to: ‘• This terrain feature has a Move characteristic of 6" and can use
‘When players are alternating picking units to use a Fight ability, non-command non-ChargeMove abilities as if it were a unit.’
when it is your turn to pick a unit, you can pick 2 Lumineth
Realm-lords units instead of 1.’ Change the declare step of ‘Enter the Shrine’ to:
‘Declare: If this terrain feature does not have a Shrine Guardian,
BATTLE TRAITS pick a friendly Lumineth Realm-lords Infantry Hero
Change the second paragraph of the effect of ‘Shining within 3" of it and not in combat to be the target.’
Company’ to:
‘For the rest of the battle round, subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks Change the effect of ‘Exit the Shrine’ to:
that target friendly Vanari units that have not charged this turn ‘Effect: If this terrain feature has a Shrine Guardian that was not
and that have not been picked as the target of the ‘Power of Hysh’ placed on it this turn, set up the Shrine Guardian on the battlefield
ability this battle round.’ wholly within 6" of this terrain feature and not in combat. That
unit is no longer a Shrine Guardian.’
In the effect of ‘Move Like the Wind’, replace:
‘Each target can move a distance up to its Move characteristic.’ MAGGOTKIN OF NURGLE
with: BATTLE TRAITS
‘Each target can move 2D6".’ Change the first sentence of the effect of the ‘Blessed by the
Plaguefather’ ability to:
MANIFESTATION LORE, MANIFESTATIONS OF HYSH ‘You cannot pick Manifestations or terrain features to be the
In the effect of ‘Summon Sanctum of Amyntok’, replace ‘not in targets of this ability. Pick 1 of the following effects:’
combat’ with ‘more than 3" from all enemy units’.
Add the following ability:
LYRIOR UTHRALLE, WARDEN OF YMETRICA
Change the timing of the ‘Voice of Tyrion’ ability to ‘Passive’, Passive
change the timing bar colour to black and change the effect to: BURST PUSTULES: As blighted flesh is pierced and
‘Effect: Each time a friendly Lumineth Realm-lords unit hewn, quivering boils erupt, showering all with Nurgle’s
glistening gifts.
wholly within 12" of this unit uses the ‘All-out Attack’ command,
no command points are spent.’ Effect: Each time a Diseased enemy unit would be destroyed,
before the last model in the unit is removed from play, roll a
YDRILAN RIVERBLADES dice. On a 3+, pick another enemy unit within 9" of that model
Change the first sentence of the effect of ‘Relentless as the Driving to be Diseased.
Current’ to:
‘If this unit is in combat, it can move 2D6".’ Change the effect of ‘Desperate Remedies’ to:
‘Effect: If an ability would heal or return slain models to a
HYSHIAN TWINSTONES Diseased enemy unit, that ability does not heal any damage
In the effect of ‘Reservoir of Power’, add the following to the points or return any slain models to it. Instead, it no longer has the
final sentence: Diseased keyword.
‘or are garrisoning a faction terrain feature within 3" of
this Manifestation.’ Manifestations and faction terrain features cannot be given the
Diseased keyword by any friendly abilities.’
23

--- Page 24 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
FACTION PACKS
SPELL LORES, LORE OF MALIGNANCE DELETED
Change the effect of ‘Fleshy Abundance’ to: NIGHTHAUNT
‘Effect: Pick 1 of the following effects: BATTLE TRAITS
• Heal (D3) the target. Change ‘Discorporate’to:
• Subtract 1 from wound rolls for attacks that target that unit until
the start of your next turn.’ Any Hero Phase 1
DISCORPORATE: IIIfff gggiiivvveeennn ttthhheee ooorrrdddeeerrr,,, ttthhheee NNNiiiggghhhttthhhaaauuunnnttt cccaaannn
ROTIGUS flicker between the realms of the living anddead.
Change the effect of ‘Deluge of Nurgle’ to:
Declare: Pick a friendly Nighthaunt unit to use thisability.
‘Effect: Roll a D3 for each target. On a 2+:
• If the target is an enemy unit, inflict an amount of mortal damage Effect: That unit has Ward (5+) for the rest of theturn.
on the target equal to the roll.
• If the target is a friendly unit, Heal (X) the target, where X is an BATTLE FORMATIONS
amount equal to the roll.’ Change the timing of ‘There is No Escape’ to ‘Once Per Turn
(Army), Your Movement Phase’ and change the declare and
PLAGUE DRONES, PUSGOYLE BLIGHTLORDS effectto:
Add the following ability: ‘Declare: Pick a friendly Nighthaunt unit to be thetarget.
Passive Effect: For the rest of the turn, the target unit can still use
DISPERSED FORMATION Charge abilities even if it used a Run or Retreat ability in the
Effect: This unit has a coherency range of 2". same turn. In addition, for the rest of the turn, no mortal damage
is inflicted on that unit by Retreatabilities.’
BEASTS OF NURGLE
Add the following before the final sentence of the effect of the HEROIC TRAITS
‘Attention Seekers’ ability: Change the effect of ‘Terrifying Entity’to:
‘If it does so, this unit has charged.’ ‘Effect: This unit can use any of the Aura of Dread abilities,
even if it doesn’t have the required keyword(s) for thatability.’
BLOAB ROTSPAWNED
Change the effect of ‘Miasma of Pestilence’ to: DREADBLADE HARROWS
‘Effect: Until the start of your next turn, each time a friendly Change the timing of ‘Phantasmal Discorporation’ to ‘Your
ability is used that resulted in any damage points being allocated to MovementPhase’.
the target, roll a dice. On a 4+, allocate 1 additional damage point
to the target (ward rolls cannot be made for that damage point).’ HEXWRAITHS
Change the Control characteristic to1.
GUTROT SPUME
Change the declare step of ‘Master of the Slime Fleet’ to:
‘Pick a regiment led by this unit to be the target if no units from
that regiment have been deployed.’
FECULENT GNARLMAW
Add the following:
‘The following universal terrain abilities apply to this terrain
feature (Terrain, 1.2): Cover, Unstable’
24

--- Page 25 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
FACTION PACKS
OGOR MAWTRIBES OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS
BATTLE TRAITS VOKMORTIAN, MASTER OF THE BONE-TITHE
Add the following after the first sentence of the effect of Add the following to the effect of the ‘Voice of Nagash’ ability:
‘Trampling Charge’: ‘Those abilities do not count as commands.’
‘Add 2 to the roll if this unit is a Monster.’
GOTHIZZAR HARVESTER
PRAYER LORE, EVERWINTER PRAYERS In the effect of ‘Bone Harvest’, replace:
In the effect of ‘Call of the Blizzard’, replace: ‘each time an enemy model in combat with this unit is slain’
‘if the chanting roll was 10+’ with:
with: ‘each time an enemy model from a unit in combat with this unit
‘if the chanting roll was 8+’. is slain’.
Change the chanting value of ‘Pulverising Hailstorm’ to 4, and in MORGHAST ARCHAI
the effect replace: Change the first sentence of the effect of the ‘Ebon-wrought
‘If the chanting roll was 10+’ Armour’ ability to:
with: ‘This unit has Ward (3+) against damage points inflicted
‘If the chanting roll was 8+’. by Spell abilities, Prayer abilities and abilities used
by Manifestations.’
FROSTLORD ON STONEHORN
Change the timing of the ‘Frost Spear’ ability to ‘Passive’. MORGHAST ARCHAI, MORGHAST HARBINGERS
Add the Fly keyword to the keywords bar.
MAWPIT
Change the terrain abilities paragraph to: IMMORTIS GUARD
‘The following universal terrain abilities apply to this terrain In the effect of the ‘Soulbound Protectors’ ability, change ‘ward roll
feature (Terrain, 1.2): Cover, Impassable’ of 1’ to ‘unmodified ward roll of 1’.
In the ‘Step Away from the Maw’ ability, change ‘Declare:’ SERAPHON
to ‘Effect:’. BATTLE FORMATIONS
Remove the Core keyword from the Eternal Starhost’s ‘Celestial
Change the declare step of ‘Feed the Maw’ to: Translocation’ ability.
‘Declare: If this terrain feature does not have a Head Butcher, pick
a friendly Butcher or Slaughtermaster within 3" of it and not in BASTILADON WITH SOLAR ENGINE
combat to be the target.’ Add the Skink keyword to the keywords bar.
Change the effect of ‘Step Away from the Maw’ to: LORD KROAK
‘Effect: If this terrain feature has a Head Butcher that was not In the effect of the ‘Arcane Vassal’ ability:
placed on it this turn, set up the Head Butcher on the battlefield Replace ‘the next Spell ability used by this unit’ with ‘the next
wholly within 3" of this terrain feature and not in combat. That Spell ability used by this unit this phase’.
unit is no longer a Head Butcher.’
Add the following:
KRAGNOS ‘The target is treated as the caster for the purpose of other abilities
Change the timing of the ‘End of Empires’ ability to ‘Your Charge or spell effects, such as ‘Unbind’ or ‘The Earth Trembles’.
Phase’ and the effect to:
‘Effect: For the rest of the turn, add 1 to the number of dice rolled In the effect of ‘Supreme Master of Order’, replace:
when making charge rolls for friendly Destruction units while ‘Add 2 to casting rolls for this unit’
they are wholly within 12" of this unit, to a maximum of 3.’ with:
‘Add 2 to casting rolls, and add 1 to unbinding rolls and
banishment rolls for this unit’.
In the declare step of ‘Celestial Deliverance’, replace ‘12"’ with
‘18"’. Also, change the effect to ‘Inflict D3 mortal damage on
each target.’
25

--- Page 26 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
FACTION PACKS
SLANN STARMASTER SONS OF BEHEMAT
In the effect of the ‘Arcane Vassal’ ability: BATTLE TRAITS
Replace ‘the next Spell ability used by this unit’ with ‘the next Change the declare step of the ‘Colossal Slam’ ability to:
Spell ability used by this unit this phase’. ‘Declare: Pick a friendly Mega-Gargant that has not used a
Rampage ability this turn to use this ability, then pick an enemy
Add the following: Monster or War Machine that has a unit size of 1 and is within
‘The target is treated as the caster for the purpose of other abilities 1" of it to be the target.’
or spell effects, such as ‘Unbind’ or ‘The Earth Trembles’.
Change the ‘Gargant Charge’ ability to:
SAURUS SCAR-VETERAN ON AGGRADON
Any Charge Phase
Change the ‘Alpha Roar’ ability to:
GARGANT CHARGE: A charging gargant will flatten
‘Declare: Pick this unit and each friendly Aggradon Lancers unit
anyone in their path.
wholly within 12" of it to be the targets.
Declare: Pick a friendly Mega-Gargant or Gargant unit
that charged this turn to use this ability, then pick an enemy
Effect: Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of the targets’
unit that has not been picked as the target of this ability this
Companion weapons for the rest of the turn. In addition, place a
turn and that is in combat with that unit to be the target.
rage token next to each target, to a maximum of 3 per unit.’
Effect: Inflict D3 mortal damage on the target.
SAURUS ASTROLITH BEARER
Change the effect of ‘Celestial Conduit’ to: Designer’s Note: This ability can be used by any number of friendly
‘Effect: If that spell is successfully cast, for the rest of the turn, add Mega-Gargant and Gargant units that charged in each turn.
3 to the control scores of friendly Seraphon units while they are
wholly within 12" of this unit.’ ARTEFACTS OF POWER
Change the timing of ‘Glowy Lantern’ to ‘Passive’, change the
RIPPERDACTYL RIDERS, TERRADON RIDERS timing bar colour to gold and change the effect to:
Add the following ability: ‘Effect: This unit can use Summon abilities from the manifestation
lore you picked during army composition as if it had Wizard (1).’
Passive
DISPERSED FORMATION ALL MEGA-GARGANT WARSCROLLS
Effect: This unit has a coherency range of 2". Add 2 to the Attacks characteristic of Almighty Stomp and
Almightier Stomp.
KRAKEN-EATER MEGA-GARGANT
Change the effect of ‘Get Orf Me Land!’ to:
‘Effect: Roll a dice. On a 2+, move the target 2D6" to a new position
on the battlefield more than 1" from all models, terrain features
and other objectives. That objective is treated as if it were in the
same territories as it was when it was first set up on the battlefield
for the purposes of the battleplan.’
BEAST-SMASHER MEGA-GARGANT
Change the Attacks characteristic of Menhir Club to 5.
KRAGNOS
Change the timing of the ‘End of Empires’ ability to ‘Your Charge
Phase’ and the effect to:
‘Effect: For the rest of the turn, add 1 to the number of dice rolled
when making charge rolls for friendly Destruction units while
they are wholly within 12" of this unit, to a maximum of 3.’
26

--- Page 27 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
FACTION PACKS
SYLVANETH GOSSAMID ARCHERS
BATTLE TRAITS Change the last sentence of the effect of ‘Zephyrspites’ to:
In the declare step of ‘Endless Growth’, replace: ‘It cannot end that move in combat.’
‘wholly within 6" of a friendly Awakened Wyldwood’
with: VENGEFUL SKULLROOT
‘wholly within 6" of any friendly Awakened Wyldwoods’. Add the following ability:
SPELL LORE Passive
Change the effect of ‘Treesong’ to: CREEPING WILLOW
‘Effect: If there are fewer than 3 friendly Awakened Wyldwoods Effect: This Manifestation counts as an Awakened
on the battlefield, you can set up an Awakened Wyldwood wholly Wyldwood for the purposes of the ‘Endless Growth’, ‘Walk
within 24" of the caster, more than 3" from all objectives and more the Hidden Paths’ and ‘Strike and Fade’ abilities.
than 1" from all enemy units and other terrain features. If there
are already 3 friendly Awakened Wyldwoods on the battlefield, Change the effect of ‘Vengeful Terrors’ to:
Heal (3) each friendly Awakened Wyldwood.’ ‘Effect: For the rest of the turn, subtract an amount from the
target’s control score equal to the number of friendly units that
ALARIELLE THE EVERQUEEN have been destroyed this battle (not including Manifestations
Change the timing of ‘Rite of Life’ to ‘Once Per Turn (Army), Your or Faction Terrain).’
Movement Phase’ and change the effect to:
‘Effect: Roll a dice. On a 4+, set up a replacement unit with half AWAKENED WYLDWOOD
the number of models from the target unit (rounding up) wholly Add Ward (5+) to the keywords bar.
within 9" of a friendly Awakened Wyldwood and more than 9"
from all enemy units. If the target was a Monster, allocate 6 Change the effect of ‘Growing Woods’ to:
damage points to the replacement unit (ward rolls cannot be made ‘Each time you set up an Awakened Wyldwood, you can place
for those damage points).’ 1-3 scenery pieces (Terrain, 1.7). If you place more than 1 scenery
piece, the tips at the end of each base must touch, forming a circle.
BELTHANOS, FIRST THORN OF KURNOTH The area inside this circle is considered to be part of this terrain
Change the effect of the ‘Kurnothi War-horn’ ability to: feature. For each additional scenery piece in this terrain feature
‘Effect: For the rest of the turn, each target can use Charge that is placed after the first:
abilities even if they used a Run ability in the same turn.’ • Add 2 to the Health characteristic of this terrain feature.
• Increase the range of friendly abilities that require friendly
THE TWISTWEALD models to be wholly within 6" of this terrain feature by 3".’
Change the timing of the ‘Eruption of Thorned Vines’ ability to
‘Once Per Turn (Army), Any Movement Phase’ and the timing bar Change the effect of the ‘Overgrown Wilderness’ ability to:
colour to grey. ‘Enemy units can be targeted by shooting attacks made by
friendly Sylvaneth units even if every model in that enemy
KURNOTH HUNTERS WITH KURNOTH GREATBOWS unit is within 1" of this terrain feature. In addition, the Range
Change the effect of the ‘Steady Aim’ ability to: characteristic of friendly Sylvaneth units’ ranged weapons is not
‘Effect: For the rest of the turn, this unit can ignore the effects of halved while every model in that friendly unit is within 1" of this
the ‘Guarded Hero’ ability (Core Rules, 25.0) when picking targets terrain feature.’
for its shooting attacks.’
27

--- Page 28 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
FACTION PACKS
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
In this series of questions and answers, the rules-writing team respond to players’ queries and explain how the rules are intended to be used.
DELETED HEDONITES OF SLAANESH
BLADES OF KHORNE Q: When using the ‘Joyous Battle Fury’ ability, does Dexcessa need
Q: If I use ‘Slaughter Triumphant’ to set up a replacement to have slain any models in a turn in order to add 1 to the Attacks
Bloodthirster, and the unit I am replacing had one characteristic of their Impaling Talons for each battle fury token
or more enhancements, does the replacement unit retain they have?
thoseenhancements? A: No. Battle fury tokens are gained (and Dexcessa can heal)
A:No. on any turn in which Dexcessa slew any enemy models, but can
gain the additional attacks on any turn that they have any battle
DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE fury tokens.
Q: Can I use the ‘All-out Slaughter’ ability once per battle with each
eligible unit? Q: The effect of the Scourge of Ghyran ‘Master of Temptation’ heroic
A: Yes. This ability is used by the unit, not the player, and it does trait states that units can only use Core abilities. How does this
not have the ‘Once Per Battle (Army)’ timing, so each eligible unit affect passive abilities?
can use it once per battle. A: It doesn’t. Passive abilities are not ‘used’, so this ability doesn’t
have any effect on them.
Q: Can a Sisters of Slaughter with Sacrificial Knives unit use the
‘Dance of Death’ ability to move out of combat? LUMINETH REALM-LORDS
A: Yes. Q: If my battle formation allows me to use a Facet of War ability
in addition to the one I pick each battle round, can I pick the same
Q: Can Morathi-Khaine or the Shadow Queen use abilities that Facet of War ability in order to use it twice that battle round?
would heal them (for example, ‘Rally’)? A: No.
A: Yes. Even though damage points would not be healed by doing
so, keywords such as Burning or Diseased would be removed Q: If a Scinari Calligrave miscasts a spell when attempting to
from them by the use of such an ability. summon a manifestation, can they use their ‘Realmscribe’ ability to
avoid the miscast?
DELETED A: No.
FLESH-EATER COURTS
Q: Can I use the ‘Muster Guard’ ability, spend 0 noble deeds points Q: When Ellania and Ellathor use the ‘Total Eclipse’ ability, does
to return 0 models to a unit, then use the ‘Raise the Banners’ ability your opponent need to spend an additional command point for the
to return an additional model to thatunit? first command used by any unit or for the first command used by
A: No. The word ‘any’ means ‘1 or more’. Therefore, you would each unit?
have to spend 1 or more noble deeds points to resolve the effect of A: The first command used by any unit.
‘Muster Guard’, and an ability would have to have returned 1 or
more slain models to a unit for the effect of ‘Raise the Banners’ to Q: Can models end a move in the open spaces underneath a
apply. In the case above, neither hashappened. Shrine Luminor?
A: Yes. However, if the Shrine Luminor has a Shrine Guardian, an
DELETED enemy unit would need to use an ability that would allow them to
GLOOMSPITE GITZ move into combat with the Shrine Luminor to do so, such as the
Q: Does the ‘Bouncing Fury’ ability have any effect on ‘Charge’ ability.
Companionweapons?
A: Yes, because this ability specifically names which weapons
areaffected.
28

--- Page 29 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
FACTION PACKS
MAGGOTKIN OF NURGLE Q: ‘Trampling Charge’ allows Monsters to add 2 to a D3 roll. How
Q: Does the ‘Disease and Pestilence Personified’ ability require does this work?
at least one mortal damage to be inflicted by the ‘Wracked with A: If a rule requires you to roll a D3, roll a dice and halve the total,
Disease’ ability in order for it to inflict 1 additional mortal damage? rounding up. For example, if the Ogor Mawtribes player rolled a 5
A: Yes, as indicated by ‘add 1 to the amount of mortal damage on a regular 6-sided dice, that would result in a D3 roll of 3. Then,
inflicted, if any’. if the charging unit was a Monster, you would add 2 to the roll,
and the charging Monster would inflict 5 mortal damage. Note
Q: If an ability (such as ‘Rally’) would heal one or more damage this means that Monsters will always inflict some amount of
points allocated to a unit, but that unit does not have any damage damage when picked as a target of the ‘Trampling Charge’ ability,
points allocated to it or has an ability that prevents it from healing as their roll will never be less than a 2.
any damage points, would the Diseased keyword be removed from
that unit? Similarly, if an ability would return one or more slain OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS
models to a unit, but no models from that unit are slain, would the Q: At the 2+ stage of the effect of ‘Curse of Years’, if I roll 1 or more
Diseased keyword be removed from that unit? 2+’s, can I keep rolling extra dice (and inflicting mortal damage on
A: Yes to both. the target) until a 1 is rolled?
A: No.
DELETED
NIGHTHAUNT SYLVANETH
Q: When using the ‘Wave of Terror’ ability, can all friendly Q: When placing scenery pieces while setting up an Awakened
Nighthaunt units that are in combat use Charge abilities or Wyldwood, can the ends of each base overlap?
onlyone? A: No. The tips at the end of each base must touch without
A: All of them (the ability affects ‘friendly Nighthauntunits’). overlapping part of the base of a different scenery piece.
OGOR MAWTRIBES
Q: Does the ‘Great Gutlord’ heroic trait ignore negative
modifiers to hit rolls and wound rolls for attacks made with
Companion weapons?
A: No.
29

--- Page 30 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
OTHER DIGITAL DOWNLOADS
ERRATA
The following rules updates correct errors in order to clarify ambiguities and/or avoid unintended interactions.
BATTLETOME: BEASTS OF CHAOS MANIAK WEIRDNOB, SAVAGE BOARBOYS,
SPELL LORE SAVAGE BOARBOY MANIAKS
Change the third bullet point in the effect of the ‘Devolve’ spell to: Add ‘Companion’ to the War Boar’s Tusks and Hooves
‘•Each time the target moves, if the caster is on the battlefield, the weapon profile.
target must end that move no further from the caster than it was
at the start of the move.’ KRAGNOS
Change the timing of the ‘End of Empires’ ability to ‘Your Charge
BESTIGORS Phase’ and the effect to:
Replace the effect of the ‘Despoilers’ ability with: ‘Effect: For the rest of the turn, add 1 to the number of dice rolled
‘Effect: This unit’s attacks score critical hits on unmodified hit rolls when making charge rolls for friendly Destruction units while
of 5+ for the rest of the turn.’ they are wholly within 12" of this unit, to a maximum of 3.’
UNGOR RAIDERS NEW
Change the third sentence of the effect of the ‘Hidden Volley’ BATTLETOME SUPPLEMENT: NIGHTHAUNT
ability to: GLAIVEWRAITH STALKERS
‘Then, in your next movement phase, set up this unit on the Change the Rend characteristic of the Hunter’s Glaive weapon
battlefield using the ‘Beastherd Ambush’ ability.’ profile to 1.
CENTIGORS Change the ‘Unerring Hunters’ ability to:
Add the following weapon profile:
Once Per Turn (Army), Any Combat Phase
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
UNERRING HUNTERS: These spectral hunters will hound
Gutpiercer Spear their prey until the very end of existence itself.
Anti-Cavalry (+1 Rend), 3 4+ 3+ 1 1
Charge (+1 Damage) Effect: For the rest of the turn, each time this unit makes a
pile-in move, add 3" to the distance it can move.
BATTLETOME: BONESPLITTERZ
HEROIC TRAITS BATTLETOME SUPPLEMENT:
Change the timing of the ‘One Wiv Da Beast’ ability to ‘Once Per STORMCAST ETERNALS
Battle (Army), Any Hero Phase’ and the effect to: LORD-ARCANUM ON TAURALON
‘The next time this phase that this unit uses a Spell ability, instead Change the timing of the ‘Starlight Mantle’ ability to ‘Once Per
of making a casting roll for this unit, you can use a value of 6 for Turn (Army), Any Combat Phase’.
the roll that cannot be modified.’
AVENTIS FIRESTRIKE
ALL WARSCROLLS Change the timing of the ‘Comet Trail’ ability to ‘Once Per Turn
Remove ‘Orruk’ from the keywords bar. (Army), Any Combat Phase’.
MANIAK WEIRDNOB CELESTAR BALLISTA
Change the effect of the ‘Bone Spirit’ ability to: Change the timing of the ‘Stormbolt Tempest’ ability to ‘Once Per
‘Effect: Roll a dice. On a 3+, add 1 to wound rolls for the target’s Battle (Army), Any Combat Phase’.
combat attacks for the rest of the turn. This ability also affects
Companion weapons.’
30

--- Page 31 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
OTHER DIGITAL DOWNLOADS
LEGENDS WARSCROLLS THE GRYMWATCH
THE EMBERWATCH, THE FARSTRIDERS Change the Save characteristic to 6+ and the Health characteristic
Change the ‘Vanguard Chamber’ ability to: to 1.
Once Per Turn (Army), Your Hero Phase DA KUNNIN’ KREW
VANGUARD CHAMBER: Through swiftness, guile and Change ‘Easy Meat’ to:
more than a hint of savagery, the warriors of the Vanguard
chambers are able to outfight forces many times their own Once Per Turn (Army), Enemy Hero Phase
limited numbers. EASY MEAT: Showing weakness to a Kruleboy, even for a
moment, is a death sentence.
Effect: For the rest of the turn, this unit can use Shoot and/
or Charge abilities even if it used a Run or Retreat ability in Declare: Pick an enemy unit in combat with this unit to be
the same turn. the target.
Effect: Roll a dice. If the roll is at least double the target’s
TARANTULOS BROOD Health characteristic, 1 model in the target unit is slain.
Add ‘Companion’ to the Venomous Bites weapon profile.
FLUXMASTER, FATEMASTER, THE BLUE SCRIBES NEW
Add ‘Disc of Tzeentch’ to the keywords bar. GROTMAS ADVENT: REGIMENTS
OF RENOWN
NEW STUMBLEFOOT GARGANT
CRYPT GHAST COURTIER Change the timing of the ‘Projectile Vomit’ ability to ‘Once Per
Replace the ‘Courtier’ keyword with the ‘Noble’ keyword. Turn (Army), Your Shooting Phase’.
Then, in the declare step, replace ‘pick all other units (friendly and
MALENETH WITCHBLADE enemy)’ with ‘pick each enemy unit’.
Add ‘Anti-Hero (+1 Rend)’ to the Deadly Blades weapon profile.
REGIMENTS OF RENOWN
Add ‘Crit (Auto-wound), Shoot in Combat’ to the Poisoned SAVIOURS OF CINDERFALL
Throwing Knives weapon profile. Change the timing of the ‘Sigmar’s Justice’ ability to ‘Once Per
Battle (Army), Deployment Phase’.
SKAETH’S WILD HUNT
Change the description paragraph to: THE STERNIESTE GARRISON
‘Each model in this unit is armed with Tracker Weapons. The In the Organisation, change ‘Grave Guard’ to ‘Barrow Guard’.
models in this unit are:
• Skaeth the Huntsman (champion, also armed with Wild Hunt NEFERATA’S ROYAL ECHELON
Ranged Weapons) In the Organisation, change ‘Black Knights’ to ‘Barrow Knights’.
• Karthaen, Huntcaller (musician)
• Althaen (also armed with Wild Hunt Ranged Weapons) NEW
• Sheoch THE SORROWMOURN CHOIR
• Lighaen’ Change the effect of the ‘Insubstantial’ ability to:
‘Ignore negative modifiers to save rolls for units in this Regiment
THE WURMSPAT of Renown.’
Change ‘Ward (6+)’ to ‘Ward (5+)’ in the keywords bar.
31

--- Page 32 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
OTHER DIGITAL DOWNLOADS
ARMIES OF RENOWN NEW
TRIBES OF THE SNOW PEAKS, BATTLE TRAITS Change the ‘Sigmar’s Will’ ability to:
Change the effect of the ‘Pledges to the Dark Gods’ ability to:
4
Your Hero Phase
‘Effect: Each time a friendly Snow Peaks unit uses 1 of the SIGMAR’S WILL: AAss aa vveesssseell ooff tthhee GGoodd--KKiinngg’’ss cceelleessttiiaall
following abilities and the effect of that ability is resolved, gain 1 power, Pontifex Zenestra can scour the taint of corrupting
magic from the earth around her.
oath point.
Declare: Make a chanting roll of D6. If the roll is an
• ‘Oath of Bloodshed’ unmodified 1, you can re-roll the dice.
• ‘Oath of Murder’
Effect: Pick 1 of the following effects. Pick up to 2 different
• ‘Oath of Supremacy’
effects instead if the chanting roll was 10+.
• ‘Oath of the Marauder’
• ‘Oath of the Raider’ Hallowed Ground: Until the start of your next turn, enemy
units using the ‘Normal Move’ ability cannot end that move
• ‘Oath of Conquest’
within 5" of a friendly Cities of Sigmar Human unit while
• ‘Oath of Dark Sacrifice’’
it is wholly within 12" of this unit.
THE ROVING MAW, BATTLE TRAITS Fervent Prayers: Until the start of your next turn, each time
Rename the ‘Gutbuster Charge’ ability to ‘Trampling Charge’. a friendly Cities of Sigmar Human model is slain by a
combat attack while it is wholly within 12" of this unit and
that model was in combat with the attacking unit, roll a dice.
THE ROVING MAW, SPELL LORE
On a 6, inflict 1 mortal damage on the attacking unit after the
Change the effect of ‘Mawmeat’ to:
Fight ability has been resolved.
‘For the rest of the battle, units on or within 1" of the target are
vulnerable to Mawpits. This ability has no effect on Roving Maw Salvation:If you are the active player, pick up to 3 friendly
units or units that have Fly.’ Cities of Sigmar Human units that are more than 12" from
this unit and not in combat to be the targets. Remove those
units from the battlefield and set them up again wholly within
SCIONS OF NULAHMIA
12" of this unit and more than 9" from all enemy units. Those
Add Vampire Lord on Nightmare Steed to roster options.
units cannot use Charge abilities for the rest of the turn.
SCOURGE OF GHYRAN Keywords Prayer
CITIES OF SIGMAR, PONTIFEX ZENESTRA
NEW DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE,
Change the ‘Word of the God-King’ ability to: KRETHUSA THE CRONESEER
Change the declare step of the ‘Gift of Foresight’ ability to:
Once Per Turn (Army), Your Hero Phase
‘Pick a friendly non-Unique Daughters of Khaine Aelf
WORD OF THE GOD-KING: Zenestra can channel
Infantry or Cavalry unit that has been destroyed to be
the divine will of Sigmar with but a single utterance, smiting
heretical priests and practitioners of proscribed magic as well the target.’
as their conjurations.
GLOOMSPITE GITZ, LOONSMASHA FANATICS
Declare: Pick a visible enemy Wizard, Priest or
Add the following to the effect of ‘Whirling Destruction’:
Manifestation within 18" of this unit to be the target.
‘If this unit ended that move in combat, it has charged.’
Effect: Roll a dice. On a 3+:
•If the target is a Manifestation, it is banished and GLOOMSPITE GITZ, LORE OF FRAZZLEGIT
removed from the battlefield. In the effect of ‘Bright Fright’, replace:
•If the target is a Wizard or Priest, inflict an amount of ‘No mortal damage is inflicted by those Retreat abilities.’
mortal damage on it equal to the roll. With:
‘No mortal damage is inflicted on the targets by those
Retreat abilities.’
32

--- Page 33 ---
®
BATTLE PROFILES
SEPTEMBER 2025
OTHER DIGITAL DOWNLOADS
HEDONITES OF SLAANESH, OGOR MAWTRIBES, BATTLE FORMATIONS
SLAANGOR FIENDBLOODS In the effect of ‘Fixated on Feeding’, replace:
Change the effect of the ‘Instinctive Advance’ ability to: ‘If it does so, the target has charged.’
‘This unit can move up to 3" immediately after that command has With:
been resolved, unless that command is a reaction, in which case ‘If it ended that move in combat, the target has charged.’
this unit can move after the ability that it was reacting to has been
resolved. That move can pass through the combat ranges of enemy Change the declare step of ‘Postprandial Warfare’ to:
units, and can end in combat.’ ‘Pick up to D3 friendly Ogor Infantry units that were in combat
this turn with an enemy unit that was destroyed this turn to be
NEW the targets.’
KHARADRON OVERLORDS, SKYVESSEL UPGRADES
Change the name ‘Skyvessel Upgrades’ to ‘Great Endrinworks’ and SERAPHON, MONSTROUS TRAITS
replace the introductory text as follows: In the effect of ‘Titan of the Land’, replace ‘the Realmshaper
‘Great Endrinworks are a special type of enhancement for Engine’s’ with ‘the friendly Realmshaper Engine’s’.
Skyvessels. During army composition, when you add
enhancements, you can pick 1 Great Endrinwork and give it to a SKAVEN, BROOD TERROR
Skyvessel on your army roster.’ In ‘Lend a Claw’, change:
‘Add 1 to hit rolls for the targets’ attacks for the rest of the phase.’
KRULEBOYZ, SWAMPBOSS SKUMDREKK To:
In the effect of ‘Rigged Odds’, replace: ‘Add 1 to hit rolls for the targets’ attacks for the rest of the phase,
‘you can spend any number of betting chips.’ including those made with Companion weapons.’
With:
‘you can spend any number of betting chips after seeing the result SKAVEN, BATTLE FORMATIONS
of the roll.’ In the effect of ‘Will of the Horned Rat’, replace ‘inflict 1 mortal
damage’ with ‘allocate 1 mortal damage’ and add ‘(ward rolls
LUMINETH REALM-LORDS, LORE OF PRISMATIC cannot be made for these damage points)’ to the end of the ability.
RESONANCE
In the effects of ‘Beacons of Protection’ and ‘Beam of Hysh’, replace SKAVEN, HEROIC TRAITS
‘been cast’ with ‘been successfully cast’. Change the declare step of ‘Devious Underling’ to:
‘Pick another friendly Skaven Hero on the battlefield with a
LUMINETH REALM-LORDS, LIGHT OF ELTHARION Health characteristic that equals or exceeds this unit’s Health
Change the timing of ‘Eternal Light’ to ‘Passive’, and the effect to: characteristic to be the target.’
‘If this unit is destroyed and if a friendly Lumineth Realm-
lords Wizard successfully casts a Summon spell, instead NEW
of resolving the effect of that Summon spell, you can set up a SOULBLIGHT GRAVELORDS, HEROIC TRAITS
replacement unit for this unit more than 9" from all enemy units Change the effect of ‘Frightening Vitality’ to:
and wholly within 12" of the unit that used that Summonspell. ‘Each time an ability would heal exactly 1 or 2 of this unit’s damage
This ability is still in effect even if this unit is not on the battlefield.’ points, heal 3 damage points instead.’
MAGGOTKIN OF NURGLE, ROTIGUS
Add the following declare step to ‘Virulent Downpour’:
‘Declare: Make a casting roll of 2D6.’
NEW
NIGHTHAUNT, KURDOSS VALENTIAN
Change the Save characteristic to 5+.
Change ‘Ward (6+)’ to ‘Ward (5+)’ in the keywords bar.
NEW
NIGHTHAUNT, BLACK COACH
Change the Save characteristic to 5+.
Change ‘Ward (6+)’ to ‘Ward (5+)’ in the keywords bar.
33

--- Page 34 ---
®
BATTLE PROFILES
SEPTEMBER 2025
OTHER DIGITAL DOWNLOADS
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
In this series of questions and answers, the rules-writing team respond to players’ queries and explain how the rules are intended to be used.
NEW FYRESLAYERS, AURIC RUNESON ON MAGMADROTH
ARMIES OF RENOWN Q: Can more than one Scourge of Ghyran Auric Runeson on
Q. Is the Pyrofane Cult Army of Renown in White Dwarf issue 514 Magmadroth pick the same Auric Runefather on Magmadroth as
legal for Matched Play? the target of their ‘Fire, Blood and Vengeance’?
A. No, it is a Legends Army of Renown. A: Yes. That Runefather had a big family.
SCOURGE OF GHYRAN IRONJAWZ, BATTLE FORMATIONS
Q: Can I include Scourge of Ghyran units in an Army of Renown Q: When using the ‘Mightiest Destroyers’ ability, can I pick a second
instead of their standard version? target if there is a Megaboss on Maw-Krusha on the battlefield?
A: Yes. A: No. The ability specifies the unit name, so only a Megaboss unit
is eligible.
Q: Can I include Scourge of Ghyran units in a Regiment of Renown
instead of their standard version? KRULEBOYZ, KILLABOSS ON GREAT GNASHTOOF
A: No. Q: Can I use the ‘Drag ’Em Out’ ability to remove an enemy
Infantry Hero from garrisoning a faction terrain feature?
DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE, BLOODSHADOW RITES A: Yes.
Q: When using ‘Shadowstep’, if my chanting roll was 8+, could I
pick the priest themselves as the first target, move them, then pick a SKAVEN, GREY SEER ON SCREAMING BELL
another eligible unit that is now within range as the second target’? Q: If I successfully cast ‘Gnaw Through Reality’ on a Scourge of
A: Yes. Ghyran Grey Seer on Screaming Bell, could I then use ‘Tunnels
Through Reality’ to remove that unit and set it up wholly within 6"
DISCIPLES OF TZEENTCH, BATTLE FORMATIONS of another friendly Gnawhole?
Q: Can the target of ‘Sorcerers of War’ attempt to cast a spell in the A: No. ‘Gnaw Through Reality’ does not allow the Grey Seer on
combat phase if that wizard already attempted to cast in the hero Screaming Bell to use abilities from the Gnawhole warscroll, only
phase of the same turn? to be treated as a Gnawhole when using those abilities.
A: Yes.
SONS OF BEHEMAT
Q: If a Scourge of Ghyran Kraken-eater Mega-Gargant is in reserve
beneath the waves at the start of battle round 4, is it destroyed or
are 6 damage points allocated to it?
A: It is destroyed.
34

--- Page 35 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
BATTLETOME: BLADES OF KHORNE
ERRATA
The following rules updates correct errors in order to clarify ambiguities and/or avoid unintended interactions.
BATTLE TRAITS BLOODTHIRSTER OF INSENSATE RAGE
NEW Change the effect of ‘Outrageous Carnage’ to:
Change the timing of ‘Skulls for the Skull Throne’ to ‘Once Per ‘Each time an attack made by this unit scores a critical hit,
Turn (Army), Start of Any Turn’. inflict D3 mortal damage on each enemy unit within 8" of it
after the Fight ability has been resolved (and continue the
Change the timing of ‘Punish the Pacifist’ to ‘Once Per Turn attack sequence).’
(Army), Your Combat Phase’.
ARMY OF RENOWN, THE BALEFUL LORDS
Change the timing of ‘Murder the Mystic’ to ‘Once Per Turn Change the timing of ‘Drawn by Blood’ to:
(Army), Your Hero Phase’. ‘Once Per Turn (Army), End of Your Turn’
NEW ARMY OF RENOWN, GORECHOSEN CHAMPIONS
KARANAK Change the effect of ‘The Scarring Blade’ to:
Change ‘Stalk the Prey’ to: ‘Effect: Allocate D3 damage points to this unit (ward rolls cannot
‘Declare: Pick this unit and up to 1 friendly Flesh Hounds unit to be made for those damage points). For the rest of the turn, add X
be the targets. to the Attacks characteristic of melee weapons used by friendly
Gorechosen Champions units for the rest of the turn, where X
Effect: Remove the targets from the battlefield and set them up is equal to the number of damage points allocated to this unit this
again on the battlefield more than 6" from this unit’s quarry and turn by this ability.
more than 9" from all other enemy units. If picked to be a target,
the unit of Flesh Hounds must also be set up wholly within 12" of For the rest of the battle, this unit cannot use the ‘Hate-fuelled
this unit.’ Killers’ ability and cannot be healed.’
DEATHBRINGER Change the effect of ‘The Red God’s Eye’ to:
Add the following to the effect of ‘Trophies of Glorious Deaths’: ‘Friendly Gorechosen Champions units have Ward (6+).’
‘This reaction cannot be used more than once per command.’
Change the effect of ‘Hate-fuelled Killers’ to:
SKULLGRINDER ‘Effect: The first time each friendly Gorechosen Champions
Change the effect of ‘Bone-Crushing Strikes’ to: unit would be destroyed, before removing it from play, roll a dice.
‘Effect: Roll a dice. If the roll is equal to or less than the target’s On a 5+, that unit is not destroyed and any remaining damage
Control characteristic, the target has Strike-last for the rest of points inflicted on it have no effect. Then, Heal (1) that unit.’
the turn.’
35

--- Page 36 ---
®
BATTLE PROFILES
SEPTEMBER 2025
BATTLETOME: FLESH-EATER COURTS
ERRATA
The following rules updates correct errors in order to clarify ambiguities and/or avoid unintended interactions.
NEW NEW
BATTLE TRAITS ABHORRANT GHOUL KING ON
Change the second sentence of the effect of ‘A Kingdom ROYAL ZOMBIE DRAGON
Deluded’ to: Change the effect of ‘For the Kingdom!’ to:
‘On a 3-4, you must pick the same Delusion as the one you ‘While you believe this Delusion, add 1 to charge rolls for
picked last turn, even if it is on the warscroll of a unit that has been friendly Knights units and friendly Flesh-eater Courts
destroyed. In such cases, the effect of that Delusion applies as if Monsters while they are wholly within 12" of any friendly
the unit had not been destroyed.’ Flesh-eater Courts Heroes.
NEW Add 2 to charge rolls for friendly Knights units and friendly
BATTLE FORMATIONS, LORDS OF THE MANOR Flesh-eater Courts Monsters instead while they are wholly
In the effect of ‘Raise the Banners’, replace ‘Each time an ability within 12" of any friendly Abhorrant Ghoul Kings on Royal
returns’ with ‘Each time another ability returns’. Zombie Dragons.’
NEW NEW
ARTEFACTS OF POWER HIGH FALCONER FELGRYN
In the final bullet point of the effect of ‘The Splintered Femur’, Change the declare step of ‘Be Mine Eyes’ to:
replace ‘it is banished’ with ‘it is banished and removed from play’. ‘This unit’s Grype is a token. If this unit’s Grype is not next to an
enemy unit, pick an enemy unit within 18" of this unit and not in
combat to be the target.’
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
In this series of questions and answers, the rules-writing team respond to players’ queries and explain how the rules are intended to be used.
Q: When the target of ‘Glimpse of Delusion’ makes combat attacks
as a result of the effect of that spell, can the ‘All-out Attack’
command or the ‘All-out Defence’ command be used as reactions to
those attacks?
A: No.
36

--- Page 37 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
BATTLETOME: GLOOMSPITE GITZ
ERRATA
The following rules updates correct errors in order to clarify ambiguities and/or avoid unintended interactions.
KRAGNOS SNARLFANG RIDERS
Change the timing of the ‘End of Empires’ ability to ‘Your Charge Change the Hit characteristic of Snarlfang’s Slavering Jaws to 4+.
Phase’ and the effect to:
‘Effect: For the rest of the turn, add 1 to the number of dice rolled WEBSPINNER SHAMAN
when making charge rolls for friendly Destruction units while Change the Control characteristic from 5 to 2.
they are wholly within 12" of this unit, to a maximum of 3.’
PATH TO GLORY, ANVIL OF APOTHEOSIS
SKRAGROTT, THE LOONKING Change the effect of ‘Shroomist’ to:
Change ‘Babbling Wand’ to: ‘Roll 2D6. If the total is equal to or lower than this unit’s Control
characteristic, that Move ability has no effect.’
Passive
BABBLING WAND: This jabbering wand, said to be topped
In the effect of ‘Sneaky Git’, replace:
with the skull of the great prophet Kaloth, channels the voices
‘it is not visible to enemy units that are not in combat with it’
of Skragrott’sa imprisoned scryers through clacking teeth.
with:
Effect: Each time a friendly Moonclan unit wholly within ‘it is not visible to enemy units that are not within this unit’s
12" of this unit uses the ‘Redeploy’ command, no command combat range’.
points are spent.
ARMY OF RENOWN, DROGGZ’S GITMOB
DROGGZ DA SUNCHOMPA In the effect of ‘Stick ’Em and Run’, replace ‘Careening
Change ‘Time Ta Scarper’ to:’ Destruction’ with ‘Frazzlegit’s Flame Stream’.
Once Per Turn (Army), Reaction: You declared a Fight ability for
ARMY OF RENOWN, DA KING’S GITZ
a unit wholly within 9" of this unit
In ‘The Moon and the Loon’, change the first sentence to:
TIME TA SCARPER: Droggz knows exactly when to get
‘While a friendly unit is wholly within 9" of a friendly Skragrott, a
his gitz out of a sticky situation so that they can come back for
‘anuvver go’ once the odds are in their favour again. friendly Malevolent Moon or a friendly Bad Moon Loonshrine:’
Effect: Roll a dice. On a 4+, the unit using that Fight ability
Change the declare step of ‘Da King’s Adjutant’ to:
can move 2D6" after that Fight ability has been resolved. It
‘Declare: You cannot use this ability and the Bad Moon
can move through the combat ranges of any enemy units but
Loonshrine’s ‘Moonclan Lairs’ ability in the same turn. If this unit
cannot end that move in combat.
is within 12" of a friendly Bad Moon Loonshrine, pick a friendly
non-reinforced, non-Hero, non-MonsterKing’s Gitz unit that
TRUGG THE TROGGOTH KING has been destroyed to be the target.’
Add the Gloomspite Gitz keyword.
Add the following to the effect of ‘Moonhoned Shiv’:
SNARLBOSS ON WAR-WHEELA ‘This unit can be affected by this ability multiple times and the
Remove ‘non-Hero’ from the first sentence of the effect of ‘Keepin’ effects are cumulative.’
Up Wiv Da Boss’.
In the declare step of ‘Da Loonking’s Command’ and ‘Right Gitz in
NEW Da Right Place’ replace ‘within 18"’ with ‘wholly within 18"’.
SUNSTEALA WHEELAS
Change the timing of ‘Careening Destruction’ to ‘Once Per Turn SPEARHEAD, SNARLPACK HUNTAZ
(Army), Any Movement Phase’. Change the timing of ‘Sunsteala Shard’ to ‘Once Per Battle, Enemy
In the effect, replace ‘pick up to 1 enemy Infantry unit’ with ‘pick Movement Phase’.
up to 1 enemy Infantry or Cavalry unit’
37

--- Page 38 ---
®
BATTLE PROFILES
SEPTEMBER 2025
BATTLETOME: GLOOMSPITE GITZ
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
In this series of questions and answers, the rules-writing team respond to players’ queries and explain how the rules are intended to be used.
Q: When using the Lunar Squigs effect of ‘Under the Light of the Q: Can the attacker choose to resolve their attacks one at a time for
Bad Moon’ or the ‘The Moon and the Loon’ ability to use a value the Doom Diver Catapult? If so, how does the Rend reduction apply?
of 4 for the Move characteristic of a friendly Squig unit, does the A: Yes. As described in the rules for the attack sequence (17.0),
4 replace the entire Move characteristic of the unit with a 4, or just attacks are resolved one at a time unless you choose to use fast
the dice roll? dice rolling. Here’s an example attack sequence for the Doom
A: It replaces the dice roll. For example, if a unit of Squig Hoppers Diver Catapult:
(with a Move characteristic of D6+8") were affected by one of
these abilities, it could use a value of 4 instead of rolling the D6, 1.The Gloomspite Gitz player successfully hits and wounds for the
resulting in a Move characteristic of 12" (4+8"). first attack, then their opponent makes a save roll, subtracting
the Rend (3) of the weapon from the roll.
2.The Gloomspite Gitz player fails the hit roll for the second
attack, re-rolls it to be successful and successfully wounds. Then,
their opponent makes a save roll subtracting the now-reduced
Rend (2) from the roll.
3.The third attack fails to hit and fails again after the re-roll. The
Rend is now reduced to 1.
4.The fourth attacks successfully hits and wounds. The opponent
of the Gloomspite Gitz player subtracts the Rend (1) from their
save roll.
38

--- Page 39 ---
®
BATTLE PROFILES
SEPTEMBER 2025
BATTLETOME: IDONETH DEEPKIN
ERRATA
The following rules updates correct errors in order to clarify ambiguities and/or avoid unintended interactions.
ARMY OF RENOWN, FIRST PHALANX OF IONRACH GLOOMTIDE SHIPWRECK
In the declare step of ‘Sword of Gwynnar’, replace: Remove ‘Impassable’ from the universal terrain abilities.
‘Pick a friendly unit that is not in combat to use this ability’
With: REGIMENTS OF RENOWN, NAMARTI SHORE RAID
‘Pick a friendly unit in combat to use this ability’. Change the declare step of ‘In the Shadow of the Ethersea’ to:
‘This ability must be used to deploy this Regiment of
IKON OF THE SEA Renown instead of the ‘Deploy Unit’ ability or the ‘Deploy
In the declare step of ‘The Surging Sea’, replace ‘up to 1 friendly Regiment’ ability.’
unit’ with ‘up to 1 friendly Idoneth Deepkin unit’.
PATH TO GLORY, ANVIL OF APOTHEOSIS
IKON OF THE STORM In the ‘Choose A Battle Mount’ step, change the final bullet point
Add the following to the effect of ‘Whirlpool Fury’: for ‘Sea-steed’ and ‘Allopex’ to:
‘No mortal damage is inflicted on friendly Idoneth Deepkin ‘Replace the Infantry keyword with the following keywords:
units by Retreat abilities while they are wholly within 12" of Cavalry, Fly.’
this unit.’
ARMY OF RENOWN, WARDENS OF THE CHORRILEUM
INCARNATE OF THE DEEP Change the effect of ‘Slipstream’ to:
Change the Banishment characteristic to 9+. ‘The target can move up to D6". That move cannot pass through or
end within the combat range of an enemy unit.’
NEW
ABYSSAL TENDRIL ARMY OF RENOWN, WARDENS OF THE CHORRILEUM
Change the effect of ‘Crushing Coil’ to: Change the declare step of ‘The Ocean Conceals’ to:
‘Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by friendly Idoneth Deepkin ‘This ability must be used to deploy the friendly Chorrileum
Manifestations that target an ensnared enemy unit.’ Eidolon instead of the ‘Deploy Unit’ ability or the ‘Deploy
Regiment’ ability.’
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
In this series of questions and answers, the rules-writing team respond to players’ queries and explain how the rules are intended to be used.
NEW
Q. Is a unit that is picked to be the target of an Akhelian Allopex’s ‘Ensnared’ ability ensnared for the purposes of the Abyssal Tendril’s
‘Watery Clutch’ and ‘Crushing Coil’ abilities?
A. No.
39

--- Page 40 ---
®
BATTLE PROFILES
SEPTEMBER 2025
BATTLETOME: KHARADRON OVERLORDS
ERRATA
The following rules updates correct errors in order to clarify ambiguities and/or avoid unintended interactions.
NEW VONGRIM SALVAGERS
BATTLE TRAITS Change the second bullet of ‘Spotter’s Flaregun’ to:
Change the effect of ‘Skyvessel Cover’ to: ‘Add 1 to the Rend characteristic of melee weapons used by friendly
‘Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks that target friendly Vongrim Salvagers and Vongrim Harpoon Crew units for attacks
Kharadron Overlords Infantry units that have not charged that target a unit that is contesting the target objective.’
in the same turn while they are wholly within 6" of a friendly
Arkanaut Ironclad or Arkanaut Frigate that has not charged in UPDATED
the same turn.’ ARKANAUT FRIGATE
Change the effect of ‘Assault Boat’ to:
BATTLE FORMATIONS, RAPID ‘This unit can move a distance up to the value of the charge roll
REDEPLOYMENT SQUADRON and must end the move within ½" of a visible enemy unit. If it
Change the effect of ‘Extra Rappel Anchors’ to: does so:
‘Friendly Grundstok Gunhaulers can transport up to 2 friendly • Remove the targets from the battlefield and set them up again
Kharadron Overlords Infantry units instead of 1 and with wholly within this unit’s combat range. The targets can be set up
a combined model count of up to 6 instead of 5 (see Battle Traits).’ in combat.
• This unit and the targets have charged, and the targets cannot use
BATTLE FORMATIONS, ENDRINEERS GUILD another Core ability this phase.
EXPEDITIONARY FORCE • Pick up to 1 of the targets to have Strike-first for the rest of
Change the effect of ‘Special Procurement’ to: the turn.’
‘Give that Hero 1 artefact of power from the ‘Inventions of the ARMY OF RENOWN, PIONEER OUTPOST
Sky-ports’ or the ‘Ingenious Innovations.’ In the fourth bullet point of the roster options, change ‘Any
Kharadron Overlords Infantry units’ to ‘Any non-Hero
NEW Kharadron Overlords Infantry units’.
ARTEFACTS OF POWER
Change the timing of ‘Celestium Burst Grenade’ to ‘Once Per ARMY OF RENOWN, THE MAGNATE’S CREW
Battle, Your Shooting Phase’ and the declare step to: Change the effect of ‘Invictunite-lined Hull’ to:
‘Pick a visible enemy unit within 12" of this unit to be the target.’ ‘Roll a D3. For the rest of the turn, subtract X from the Rend
characteristic of weapons used for attacks that target that
NULL-KHEMIST Skyvessel, where X is equal to the roll.’
Change the effect of ‘Nullsuit’ to:
‘Double the Damage characteristic of this unit’s weapons for REGIMENT OF RENOWN, DREKKI’S PRIVATEERS
attacks that target Priests, Wizards or Manifestations.’ Change the effect of ‘The Good Ship Aelsling’ to:
‘The Aelsling in this Regiment of Renown has a Health
characteristic of 17 instead of 14.’
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
In this series of questions and answers, the rules-writing team respond to players’ queries and explain how the rules are intended to be used.
Q: Can an Arkanaut Frigate use the ‘Assault Boat’ ability if it used Q: Can I use the ‘Assault Boat’ ability in combination
a Run ability in the same turn but was picked as a target of Brokk with ‘Counter-charge’?
Grungsson’s ‘Command the Fleet’ ability earlier in the same turn? A: Yes.
A: Yes.
40

--- Page 41 ---
®
BATTLE PROFILES
SEPTEMBER 2025
BATTLETOME: NIGHTHAUNT
ERRATA
The following rules updates correct errors in order to clarify ambiguities and/or avoid unintended interactions.
NEW NEXUS OF GRIEF
SPELL LORE Change the effect of ‘Hungry Crypts’ to:
In the declare step of ‘Chains of Death’, replace ‘pick an enemy ‘Remove this terrain feature from the battlefield and set it up again
Hero unit’ with ‘pick a visible enemy Hero unit’. on the battlefield within 3" of a friendly Nighthaunt unit, more
than 3" from all objectives and enemy units, more than 1" from all
terrain features and more than 12" from all other friendly Nexuses
of Grief.’
41

--- Page 42 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
BATTLETOME: ORRUK WARCLANS
ERRATA
The following rules updates correct errors in order to clarify ambiguities and/or avoid unintended interactions.
IRONJAWZ BATTLE TRAITS NEW
Change the timing of ‘Ironjawz Waaagh!’ to ‘Once Per Turn BEAST-SKEWER KILLBOW
(Army), Your Charge Phase’ and change the declare step to: Change the effect of ‘Skewering Bolts’ to:
‘Declare: Pick a friendly Ironjawz Hero to be the target. You ‘For the rest of the turn, the Damage characteristic of this unit’s
cannot pick the same Hero to be the target of this ability more Beast-skewer Bolts is 6 if the target is a Monster.’
than once per battle.’
SKAREGOB TOTEM
TUSKBOSS ON MAW-GRUNTA, MAW-GRUNTA WITH Change ‘Sinister Stare’ to:
HAKKIN’ KREW, MAW-GRUNTA GOUGERS
Passive
In the effect of ‘Unstoppable Momentum’, replace:
SINISTER STARE: Kruleboyz find it hilarious to subject
‘Each time this unit uses a Charge ability’
foes under the insidious influence of a Skaregob Totem’s
with:
hallucinogenic fogs to a host of nasty surprises.
‘Each time this unit has charged as a result of using a
Charge ability’. Effect: Add 1 to dirty trick rolls for friendly Kruleboyz
units wholly within 12" of this terrain feature or for enemy
units within 12" of this terrain feature. If this terrain feature
GORE-GRUNTAS
has a Shouty Boss, add 1 to dirty trick rolls for friendly
Change the Hit characteristic of Grunta’s Tusks to 4+.
Kruleboyz units wholly within 18" of this terrain feature
instead of wholly within 12" or for enemy units within 18" of
KRULEBOYZ BATTLE TRAITS
this terrain feature instead of within 12".
Change ‘Sneaky Sneakin’’ to:
Once Per Turn (Army), Your Movement Phase
GORK-ROARA
SNEAKY SNEAKIN’: Cloying swamp-mists mask the
Add the following to the effect of ‘Bellowing Waaagh!-cries’:
Kruleboyz’ movements.
‘Friendly units can be affected by this ability multiple times and
Declare: Pick a friendly Kruleboyz Infantry unit that the effects are cumulative.’
has 10 or fewer models, is not in combat and has not been the
target of a Dirty Trick ability this turn to be the target, then SPEARHEAD, IRONJAWZ BIGMOB
make a dirty trick roll.
Change the declare step of the Megaboss’s ‘Get Stuck In, Ladz’
Effect: Remove the target from the battlefield and set it up ability to:
again wholly within 3" of a terrain feature and more than 9" ‘Pick a friendly unit wholly within 12" of this unit to be the target.’
from all enemy units.
ANVIL OF APOTHEOSIS, STEP 3: CHOOSE A WARCLAN
Keywords Dirty Trick
Change the effect of ‘Only Da Best’ to:
‘Add 3" to the Range characteristic of ranged weapons used
BREAKA-BOSS ON MIREBRUTE TROGGOTH by friendly Kruleboyz units. In addition, you can re-roll 1
Change the Control characteristic to 5. hit roll per turn for shooting attacks made by each friendly
Kruleboyz unit.’
Change the effect of the ‘Breaka-harness’ ability to:
Effect: Make breaka-roll of D3. PATH TO GLORY, PATH OF DA MOST KUNNIN’
- Inflict an amount of mortal damage on this unit equal to Change ‘Disconcerting Stare’ to:
the breaka-roll.
- Double the breaka-roll and add that value to the Attacks Passive
characteristic of this unit’s Mirebrute’s Clubs for the rest of DISCONCERTING STARE: Something in this boss’s evil-
eyed glare gives even hardened veterans a moment’s pause.
the turn.
Effect: If this unit is picked as the target of a Fight ability
SNATCHABOSS ON SLUDGERAKER BEAST and this unit’s Control characteristic is equal to or higher than
Change the declare step of ‘Festering Wounds’ to: the Control characteristic of the enemy unit using that Fight
‘Pick up to 3 enemy units that had any damage points allocated to ability, that enemy unit cannot use commands for the rest of
them this turn by attacks made by this unit or a friendly unit with the turn.
the Sludgeraker Venom keyword to be the targets.’
Change the timing of ‘Just You Try It’ to:
‘Once Per Turn (Army), Any Movement Phase’
42

--- Page 43 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
BATTLETOME: ORRUK WARCLANS
ARMY OF RENOWN, BIG WAAAGH! REGIMENT OF RENOWN, DA KOUNTIN’ KREW
Add the following to roster options: Change ‘Snatch ’Em Up’ to:
‘KruleboyzHeroes included in this Army of Renown can
only include Kruleboyz units in their regiment, and Ironjawz Once Per Turn (Army), Enemy Hero Phase
Heroes included in this Army of Renown can only include SNATCH ’EM UP: Skumdrekk and his hobgrot toadies
are constantly on the lookout for new victims and beasts to
Ironjawz units in their regiment. If your army includes Kragnos,
snatch up.
the End of Empires, he can include either Kruleboyz units or
Ironjawz units in his regiment (but not both), and he counts as Declare: Pick an enemy unit in combat with this Regiment of
a Hero from that faction for the purposes of needing to have one Renown’s Swampboss Skumdrekk to be the target.
regiment led by an IronjawzHero for each regiment led by a
Effect: Roll a dice. If the roll is at least double the target’s
KruleboyzHero and vice versa.’ Health characteristic, 1 model in the target unit is slain.
ARMY OF RENOWN, BIG WAAAGH!, SPELL LORE
Add the Unlimited keyword to the ‘Two Headz As One’ spell.
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
In this series of questions and answers, the rules-writing team respond to players’ queries and explain how the rules are intended to be used.
Q: When using the ‘Notorious Bosses’ ability, can I give a target a ARMY OF RENOWN, ZOGGROK’S IRONMONGERZ
heroic trait that another unit already has? Q: The prayer ‘Get ’Em, Gork!’ allows a terrain feature to become
A: No. trampled by Gork. If an enemy unit starts and ends a move within
6" of that terrain feature, would you roll for damage twice? If
Q: Can each part of the Foot of Gork use the ‘Wandering it ended a move within 6" of two different terrain features that
Destruction’ ability each turn? were trampled by Gork, would you roll for damage for each such
A: No. This is a single manifestation with multiple parts, so it can terrain feature?
only use that ability once in each turn. A: Yes to both questions.
Q: In the ‘Ironjawz Bigmob’ Spearhead army, are the Brute Ragerz
set up during the deployment phase?
A: Yes. Only the Brutes are not set up on the battlefield during the
deployment phase. The Brute Ragerz are a different unit type, so
are set up normally.
43

--- Page 44 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
BATTLETOME: SKAVEN
ERRATA
The following rules updates correct errors in order to clarify ambiguities and/or avoid unintended interactions.
BATTLE TRAITS WARP LIGHTNING VORTEX
Replace the effect of ‘Splinters of the Vermindoom’ with: In ‘Warp Vortex’, replace:
‘Effect: Set up a Gnawhole on the battlefield more than 9" from all ‘In addition, if an enemy unit passes across this Manifestation’
enemy units, more than 3" from all objectives and more than 1" with:
from all other terrain features.’ ‘In addition, if an enemy unit passes across this Manifestation
and/or the round-cornered triangle formed by drawing a line
PLAGUEPACK around all the bases of the Manifestation’s parts’.
In the effect of the ‘Plague Rat’ ability, replace ‘chanting roll of 1’
with ‘unmodified chanting roll of 1’. PATH TO GLORY, ANVIL OF APOTHEOSIS
Change the Regiment Options for the Masterclan Great Clan to
LORD SKREECH VERMINKING ‘Any Skaven units’.
Replace Wizard (1) with Wizard (2) in the keywords bar.
ARMY OF RENOWN,
PLAGUE PRIEST ON PLAGUE FURNACE THANQUOL’S MUTATED MENAGERIE
In ‘Altar of the Great Corruptor’ and ‘Corrupting Influence’, Add the following to the beginning of the effect of
replace ‘within 6"’ with ‘within 13"’. ‘Monstrous Entourage’:
‘The Companion weapon ability has no effect on Mutated
GREY SEER ON SCREAMING BELL Menagerie units.’
In the effect of ‘Altar of the Horned Rat’, replace ‘within 6"’ with
‘within 13"’. In ‘Rampaging Demise’ and ‘Spiteful Swarms’, replace ‘when this
unit is destroyed’ with ‘when this unit would be destroyed’.
STORMFIENDS
Change the timing of ‘Grinderfist Tunnellers’ to ‘Once Per Turn
(Army), Any Movement Phase’.
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
In this series of questions and answers, the rules-writing team respond to players’ queries and explain how the rules are intended to be used.
Q: If I pick a friendly Stormfiends unit as the target of the Q: If a Warp-Grinder picks another Warp-Grinder unit to be set up
‘Filth-crust’ prayer with a chanting roll of 8+, how would in the tunnels below using the ‘Tunnel Skulkers’ ability, can both of
the Crit (Mortal) weapon ability interact with the ‘Shock those units use the ‘Warp-Ambush’ ability to attempt to set up the
Gauntlets’ ability? units on the battlefield?
A: The Crit (Mortal) weapon ability would inflict mortal damage A: Yes.
on the target unit equal to the Damage characteristic and the
attack sequence would end, so ‘Shock Gauntlets’ would have no Q: When using the Grey Seer’s ‘Warpstone Shards’ ability, if the 3D6
further effect. casting roll includes 2 or more rolls of 1 (before removing one of the
dice), is that spell miscast?
Q: If an enemy unit is affected by the ‘Gaze of the Gnaw’ ability and A: Yes.
must attack Vizzik Skour, can the models in that unit that are not
within Vizzik Skour’s combat range after piling in attack? Q: If a flying unit passes across a Gnawhole, does it ignore the effect
A: No. of the ‘Volatile Ground’ ability since the ‘Fly’ ability means that
units ignore terrain features while moving?
A: No. The unit still counts as having passed across the Gnawhole,
so the effect applies.
44

--- Page 45 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
BATTLETOME: SLAVES TO DARKNESS
ERRATA
The following rules updates correct errors in order to clarify ambiguities and/or avoid unintended interactions.
BATTLE TRAITS SLAUGHTERBRUTE
Add the following to the ‘Daemonhood’ effect of the ‘Dark Change the effect of ‘Sigils of Domination’ to:
Apotheosis’ ability: ‘For the rest of the battle, while this unit is within its master’s
‘If any Manifestations that were summoned by the target are on combat range:
the battlefield, those Manifestations are removed from play.’ • Add 1 to the number of dice rolled when making charge rolls for
this unit, to a maximum of 3.
Change the third sentence of the ‘Daemonhood’ effect of the ‘Dark • This unit can ignore the effects of the Companion weapon ability
Apotheosis’ ability to: on its weapons.’
‘If the target is your general, the Daemon Prince becomes your
general instead and is added to your general’s regiment’. RAPTORYX
Add the following to the ‘Crazed Flock’ ability:
Change the effect of ‘Pledged to Slaanesh’ to: ‘This ability also affects Companion weapons.’
‘For the rest of the turn, when making charge rolls for friendly
Pledged to Slaanesh units, you can roll 1 additional dice ARMY OF RENOWN, LEGION OF THE FIRST PRINCE
(to a maximum of 3), but if you do, you must discard 1 dice of Change the final sentence of the introductory paragraph to:
your choice.’ ‘All units in your army gain the Legion of the First Prince
keyword except for those in a Regiment of Renown.’
BATTLE FORMATIONS
Change the second sentence of the Godswrath Warband’s ‘Ironclad Change the second bullet point of the effect of the ‘First-damned
Onslaught’ ability to: Prince’ ability to:
‘Then, roll a D3 for each enemy unit contesting an objective that ‘In addition, each time you make a successful ward roll for that
has a friendly defiled token.’ friendly Be’lakor, allocate 1 damage point to a friendly non-Hero
Legion of the First Prince Daemon unit within Be’lakor’s
HEROIC TRAITS combat range after the damage sequence for Be’lakor has been
Change the timing of the ‘Favoured of the Pantheon’ ability resolved (ward rolls cannot be made for those damage points).’
to ‘Passive’.
PATH TO GLORY, FLAWS
ENSORCELLED BANNERS Change the timing of ‘Spurned by the Gods to:
Change the second sentence of the ‘The Banner of Screaming Flesh’ ‘Passive, Warriors of Chaos or Darkoath only’
ability to:
‘In addition, while this unit includes any standard bearers, if this PATH TO GLORY, PICK ANY OTHER UPGRADES
unit charged this turn, add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of this Add the following to the effect of ‘Thrill of Battle’:
unit’s melee weapons for the rest of the turn.’ ‘Units can be affected by this ability multiple times and the effects
are cumulative.’
ARCHAON, THE EVERCHOSEN
In the ‘Spell-eater’ effect of ‘Three-headed Titan’, replace:
‘On a 2+, it is banished and inflict D3 mortal damage on the unit
that summoned it.’
with:
‘On a 2+, it is banished and removed from play. In addition, inflict
D3 mortal damage on the unit that summoned it.’
45

--- Page 46 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
BATTLETOME: SLAVES TO DARKNESS
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
In this series of questions and answers, the rules-writing team respond to players’ queries and explain how the rules are intended to be used.
Q: When using the ‘Dark Apotheosis’ ability to set up a Daemon Q: Can a Gaunt Summoner use the ‘Minions of the Silver Tower’
Prince, does that Daemon Prince have to be included on my army ability more than once to set up multiple units in a Silver Tower?
roster and do I need to spend points on it? A: No, as stated in Core Rules, 5.3.
A: No to both.
Q: Can I include more than 1 Ensorcelled Banner in my Slaves to
Q: If Archaon the Everchosen uses the ‘Eye of Sheerian’ ability and, Darkness army?
as a result, the Slaves to Darkness player has to take the first turn A: No. Ensorcelled Banners are enhancements, and as stated in
in a battle round after taking the second turn in the previous battle Army Composition, 4.1, you can only take 1 enhancement from
round (i.e., they end up taking a ‘double turn’), does the Slaves to each enhancement table in your faction rules.
Darkness player suffer the penalties for taking a ‘double turn’, for
instance not being able to pick a battle tactic or their opponent Q: Can Regiments of Renown be included in a Legion of the First
counting as the underdog for the rest of the battle? Prince army?
A: No. The penalties for taking a double turn only apply if you A: Yes.
‘chose’ to go first in the current battle round.
Q: Can a Daemon Prince from the Godmarked Ascendant Regiment
Q: Can a unit use the ‘Pledge to Chaos’ ability while it is not on the of Renown be given enhancements?
battlefield, e.g. if it is set up in reserve in a Silver Tower? A: Yes. In Army Composition 3.5 it states that a unit cannot use
A: No. faction rules (including enhancements) unless they have a keyword
that matches up with the faction’s name. Since the Godmarked
Ascendant Regiment of Renown adds such a keyword, that unit is
eligible to be given enhancements.
46

--- Page 47 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
BATTLETOME: SOULBLIGHT GRAVELORDS
ERRATA
The following rules updates correct errors in order to clarify ambiguities and/or avoid unintended interactions.
SPEARHEAD, DEATHRATTLE TOMB HOST BARROW KNIGHTS
Change the declare step of ‘King of Shambling Bones’ to: Change the timing of ‘Cursed To Rise Once More’ to ‘Once Per
‘Declare: Pick a friendly unit wholly within 12" of this unit to be Turn (Army), End of Any Turn’.
the target.’
MANIFESTATIONS OF THE GRAVE
PRINCE VHORDRAI Add the following to the effect of ‘Summon Sanguine Swarm’:
Change the declare step of ‘Trail of Crimson’ to: ‘A Sanguine Swarm endless spell has 2 parts that must be set up
‘This unit can make a pile-in move (even if it is not in combat). within 9" of each other.’
Then, if this unit is in combat, pick an enemy unit in combat with
it to be the target.’ ANVIL OF THE APOTHEOSIS
Add the Ward (6+) keyword to the starting Soulblight Gravelords
LAUKA VAI, MOTHER OF NIGHTMARES hero warscroll.
In the declare step of ‘Impaling Talons’, replace ‘charged this phase’
with ‘charged this turn’. ARMY OF RENOWN, KNIGHTS OF THE
CRIMSON KEEP
BELLADAMMA VOLGA, FIRST OF THE VYRKOS Change the effect of ‘From a Quarter Unseen’ to:
In the effect of ‘Under a Killing Moon’, replace: ‘Set up each target wholly within 9" of the battlefield edge and
‘Add 1 to the Rend characteristic of the targets’ melee weapons’ more than 9" from all enemy units. If you set up any units using
with: this ability in the third or a subsequent battle round, do not
‘Add 1 to the Rend characteristic of the targets’ melee weapons spend any command points when using the ‘Carve a Bloody Path’
(including Companion weapons)’. command this turn.’
47

--- Page 48 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
BATTLETOME: STORMCAST ETERNALS
ERRATA
The following rules updates correct errors in order to clarify ambiguities and/or avoid unintended interactions.
IONUS CRYPTBORN VANGUARD CHAMBER WARSCROLLS
Add the Ruination Chamber keyword to the keywords bar. This update affects the following warscrolls:
• Vanguard-Raptors with Longstrike Crossbows
Add the ‘Ruination Chamber’ ability to the warscroll: • Vanguard-Raptors with Hurricane Crossbows
• Vanguard-Palladors with Starstrike Javelins
Once Per Turn (Army), Reaction: This unit was picked as the target • Vanguard-Palladors with Shock Handaxes
of a non-Core ability
• Vanguard-Hunters
RUINATION CHAMBER: These veterans march where
• Neave Blacktalon
others cannot tread, fighting upon battlefields transformed
• Lord-Aquilor
into scenes of apocalypse. Even the most corrosive magics find
no purchase on their souls.
Change the ‘Vanguard Chamber’ ability to:
Effect: Make a resistance roll of D6. On a 4+, that ability has
no effect on this unit. Once Per Turn (Army), Your Hero Phase
VANGUARD CHAMBER: Through swiftness, guile and
LORD-IMPERATANT more than a hint of savagery, the warriors of the Vanguard
chambers are able to outfight forces many times their own
Change the timing of ‘Guided by Lightning’ to ‘Once Per Battle
limited numbers.
(Army), Your Movement Phase’.
Effect: For the rest of the turn, this unit can use Shoot and/
KNIGHT-VEXILLOR or Charge abilities even if it used a Run or Retreat ability in
In the effect of ‘The Banner of the Reforged’, replace ‘Pick D3’ with the same turn.
‘Pick up to D3’.
DAIS ARCANUM
PRAETORS In the ‘Arcane Enhancement’ ability, change the first bullet point to:
Change the effect of ‘Soul-bonded’ to: ‘• That unit has Ward (5+) and Fly.’
‘Effect: Pick a friendly Stormcast Eternals Hero to be this
unit’s soul-bonded charge for the rest of the battle. This unit can then add the following bullet point:
use this ability while it is in reserve.’ ‘• If that unit is picked to make a pile-in move, move this
Manifestation instead.’
STORMSTRIKE PALLADORS
Change the Hit characteristic of the Gryph-charger’s Talons and change the final sentence to:
weapon to 4+. ‘If the unit on the platform is removed from the battlefield,
immediately remove this Manifestation from play.’
VANGUARD-RAPTORS WITH
HURRICANE CROSSBOWS THE ANVIL OF APOTHEOSIS
Change the timing of ‘Coordinated Strike’ to In Step 6 – Battle Mount Upgrades, change the effect of ‘Rending
‘Your Shooting Phase’. Claws’ to:
‘Monster only. Your hero’s Mighty Flying Noble Beast’s Claws or
LORD-VIGILANT ON MORRGRYPH Flying Noble Beast’s Claws have a Damage characteristic of 3.’
In the effect of ‘Vice-like Grip’, replace ‘The target cannot be picked
as the target of commands’ with ‘The target cannot use commands’. PATH TO GLORY, PATH OF THE REDEEMER
Change the timing of ‘Heralds of the Tempest’ to ‘Once Per Battle,
Your Movement Phase’.
Change the timing of ‘Blessed by Azyr’ to ‘Any Hero Phase’ and the
timing bar colour to gold.
48

--- Page 49 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
BATTLETOME: STORMCAST ETERNALS
ARMY OF RENOWN, RUINATION BROTHERHOOD REGIMENT OF RENOWN, THE HORIZON SEEKERS
Change the first sentence of the effect of ‘Raven’s Flight’ to: In the Organisation section, change ‘1 Vanguard-Palladors unit
‘Add 2" to the target’s Move characteristic for the rest of the turn’. with 3 models’ to ‘1 Vanguard-Palladors with Starstrike Javelins
unit with 3 models’.
In the Roster Options box, in the first bullet point, replace
‘(must be included and must be your general) with ‘(this unit RULES REFERENCE
gains the Warmaster keyword, must be included and must be Change the first sentence of the effect summary of ‘Summon Dais
your general)’. Arcanum’ to ‘targets friendly non-Fly Stormcast Eternals
Infantry Hero wholly within 12".’
Change the timing of ‘Corven Lord’ to ‘Passive’.
ARMY OF RENOWN, HEROES OF THE FIRST-FORGED
In the Roster Options box, in the first bullet point, replace
‘(must be included and must be your general) with ‘(this unit
gains the Warmaster keyword, must be included and must be
your general)’.
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
In this series of questions and answers, the rules-writing team respond to players’ queries and explain how the rules are intended to be used.
Q: Can I use the ‘Ruination Chamber’ ability to react to enemy Q: If I use the ‘Ruination Chamber’ ability to react to an ability
abilities that target a friendly unit with that ability if that ability that targets multiple units and/or has multiple effects (e.g. ‘Power
takes place outside of the regular turn sequence (e.g. a Deployment Through’), and the roll is successful, should my opponent still
Phase ability)? resolve the parts of the ability that affect other units?
A: Yes. A: Yes. The ‘Ruination Chamber’ ability only allows you to ignore
the effect of that ability on that unit; it does not stop the effect
from being resolved for other units.
49

--- Page 50 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
PATH TO GLORY: RAVAGED COAST
ADDENDA
The following rules updates add text in order to clarify ambiguities and/or avoid unintended interactions.
PATH TO GLORY ROSTER
Add the following:
‘Armies of Renown: You can pick an Army of Renown when
picking your faction. If you do so, you must use its faction rules.
You can still include a Ravaged Coast Regiment of Renown even
if the roster options do not allow it, but you cannot include any
other units that are not listed in the roster options. Units in the
Ravaged Coast Regiment of Renown do not gain your Army of
Renown’s keyword.’
ERRATA
The following rules updates correct errors in order to clarify ambiguities and/or avoid unintended interactions.
PATH TO GLORY ROSTER PATH OF THE PACK
Add the following to Regiments: Add ‘This ability also affects Companion weapons’ to the effects of
‘Each Hero’s battle profile lists which units can be added to their ‘Hunter’s Instinct’ and ‘Sparking Claws’.
regiment, and each non-Hero unit lists any relevant keywords
it has.’ PATH OF THE ARTILLERIST
Change the timing of ‘King of the Hill’ to ‘Passive’.
RAVAGED COAST ABILITIES
Change the timing of ‘Poisoned Domain’ to ‘Once Per Turn, End of PATH OF THE BEHEMOTH
Your Turn’. Add ‘This ability also affects Companion weapons’ to the effects of
‘Unrestrained Aggression’ and ‘Burning Bloodlust’.
THE AFTERMATH SEQUENCE
EMBERSTONE UPGRADES TABLE BATTLEPLAN: RAID ON HEL’S CLAW
Replace the rows for ‘Heroic Trait’ and ‘Artefact of Power’ with Change the timing of ‘Ever-burning Coals’ to ‘Once Per Turn, Your
‘Enhancement’, with a cost of 3 Emberstone Shards. Movement Phase’.
GAIN AN ENHANCEMENT, SPELL OR PRAYER UNIVERSAL ENHANCEMENTS AND LORES
Change the first sentence to: Change the effect of ‘Brash and Angry’ to:
‘Emberstone shards can be spent to gain 1 enhancement (e.g. a ‘If this unit is not in combat, it can immediately use a Charge
heroic trait, artefact of power or unique enhancement), 1 spell or 1 ability as if it were your charge phase, but it must end the move
prayer for your army.’ within ½" of that enemy unit. If it does so, this unit has charged
and that enemy unit’s Charge ability has no effect. This unit has
PATH OF THE RULER Strike-last for the rest of the turn.’
Change the timing of ‘Drillmaster’ to ‘Any Combat Phase’.
Remove the Core, Move and Charge keywords from ‘Brash
PATH OF THE SORCERER and Angry’.
Change the effect of ‘Focused Sorcery’ to:
‘The first time this unit uses a non-Summon Spell ability each
phase, add 2 to the casting roll for that spell.’
50

--- Page 51 ---
®
RULES UPDATES
SEPTEMBER 2025
PATH TO GLORY: RAVAGED COAST
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
In this series of questions and answers, the rules-writing team respond to players’ queries and explain how the rules are intended to be used.
Q: When building my Path to Glory roster, I can include regiments Q: Do battle formations, enhancements and lores cost points?
with units from different factions that are from the same grand A: No.
alliance as my general. When I do so, can I use the battle traits or
enhancements from that other faction? Q: Does the ‘Headshot’ ability of the Vanguard-Raptors with
A: No, you can only use battle traits and enhancements from the Longstrike Crossbows allow that unit to ignore the effect of the
faction that you picked for your Path to Glory army or from the ‘Protect at all Costs’ ability on the Twisted by Rage battleplan?
universal enhancements included in Path to Glory: Ravaged Coast. A: No.
Q: Can I add spells or prayers from a manifestation lore to my Q: Can an army use a battle trait (such as ‘Treesong’ or ‘Splinters
Arcane Tome when first creating my army roster? of the Vermindoom’) or an ability on a warscroll of a unit in their
A: No. army during a battle to set up a faction terrain feature that is not on
their roster?
Q: Can I add spells from one of the universal manifestation lores A: Yes.
(such as Forbidden Power) to my Arcane Tome?
A: Yes.
Q: Do you have to include faction terrain (e.g. Gnawholes or
awakened Wyldwoods) as part of your roster to use abilities that
place them on the battlefield (i.e. ‘Splinters of the Vermindoom’
or ‘Treesong’)?
A: No.
51
