--- Page 1 ---
FACTION RULES: SKAVEN
BATTLE FORMATIONS
Add the following battle formations to those in the Skaven faction rules.
ENVOYS OF THE DEEPENGNAW GATHERING OF THE CLANS
Passive Once Per Turn (Army), Reaction: You declared the
WILL OF THE HORNED RAT: Although ‘Redeploy’ command for a friendly Skaven unit
they tower over the rest of the swarm, Verminlords BACKSTABBING ALLIES: The Skaven
are as craven and cunning as any Skaven – in truth often form uneasy alliances between clans, but
even more so – and will readily use their underlings none of them want to suffer the brunt of the
as fodder to protect their own hides. fighting when the enemy draws near.
Effect: While a friendly Skaven Daemon is Effect: Pick up to 2 other friendly Skaven units
within the combat range of a friendly non-Hero that are not in combat and are wholly within 13"
Skaven Infantry unit: of the unit using the ‘Redeploy’ command to be
• That Skaven Daemon has Ward (4+). the targets. Each target must have at least one of
• Each time you make a successful ward roll for the following keywords: Verminus, Skryre,
that Skaven Daemon, inflict 1 mortal damage Moulder, Pestilens, Eshin. After that
on a friendly non-Hero Skaven Infantry ‘Redeploy’ command has been resolved, each of
unit within that unit’s combat range after the the targets can immediately use the ‘Redeploy’
damage sequence for that unit has been resolved. command in an order of your choice without any
command points being spent.
HEROIC TRAITS
You can pick a heroic trait from this table instead of from other Heroic Traits tables available to this faction.
RUINOUS REALM-GNAWERS (Hero only)
Deployment Phase Your Hero Phase
DEVIOUS UNDERLING: Sly in the extreme, FLESHMEDDLER: This Skaven carries syringe
this ratman has mastered the art of biding his time, darts filled with warpstone serum that can be
content to wait until his superiors’ demise before fired into the patchwork hides of nearby Moulder
violently seizing control for himself. creations to give them a ‘bit of extra bite’.
Declare: Pick a friendly Skaven Hero on the Declare: Pick a friendly Moulder unit wholly
battlefield with a Health characteristic that equals within 13" of this unit to be the target.
or exceeds this unit’s Health characteristic to be
the target. Effect: Pick 1 of the target’s melee weapons. Add
1 to the Rend characteristic of that weapon for the
Effect: For the rest of the battle: rest of the turn.
• While the target has not been slain, friendly
Skaven Infantry units have Ward (6+) while Passive
they are wholly within 13" of this unit. PIT TINKERER: This mechanically minded
• Once the target has been slain, add 2 to charge Skaven has a compulsion to make ‘improvements’
rolls for friendly Skaven Infantry units while to the Skryre devices under his command.
they are wholly within 13" of this unit.
Effect: You can re-roll the random characteristic
rolls for the Move characteristic of friendly
Skryre War Machines while they are wholly
within 13" of this unit. In addition, each time a
friendly Skryre War Machine wholly within
18" of this unit uses the ‘Rolling Doom’ or
‘Whirling Doom’ ability, add 1 to the amount of
mortal damage inflicted, if any.
Permission to download/print for personal use only. © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2025

--- Page 2 ---
• SCOURGE OF GHYRAN WARSCROLL • • SCOURGE OF GHYRAN WARSCROLL •
GREY SEER
BROOD TERROR
ON SCREAMING BELL
5+ 5+
MOVE MOVE
Ghyran has suffered terribly from the ravages of
Rattling through the Ghyranite jungle on ironbound
6" 6" Brood Terrors, horrors created when a Master
H wheels comes the hellish contraption known as H Moulder stitches himself into a hulking war-form
T S a Screaming Bell, a Grey Seer riding atop it and T S
A L E 15 4+ E A V s b h o r n ie e k - i ja n r g r p in r g a i t s o e l s l t o o f t t h h e e G be r l e l a i t n H vi o g r o n r e a d te R s a n t e . a E r a b c y h A L E 12 5+ E A V w fa it s h h i i n o n th ed is f t r w o o m - h b e r a a d ss e d a n ti d t a a n lc t h h e e m M is a e s d te m r d ea ir t e . c F t r s o h m is
H H minions’ attacks with frantic, jabbing motions of its
5 Skaven, healing their wounds and hastening their 5 weapon-limbs, before plunging headfirst into the
scurrying advance.
CONTROL CONTROL fray to test his latest flesh-grafts upon the enemy.
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Warpflame Scourger
Warpstone Staff 3 4+ 4+ 1 D3 Anti-Infantry (+1 Rend), 15" 2D6 4+ 2+ 1 D3
Crit (Auto-wound)
Rat Ogor’s Tearing Claws 5 4+ 3+ 1 2 MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Chain-flail
Crushing Bulk Crit (Mortal) 5 4+ 2+ 2 3
Charge (+1 Damage), 6 4+ 2+ 1 2
Companion Loosely Attached 5 4+ 4+ 1 2
Bladed Limbs
Passive
Once Per Turn (Army), Any Combat Phase
BATTLE DAMAGED
Effect: While this unit has 10 or more damage points, the Attacks LEND A CLAW: In a horrifying bout of lucidity and multiple flailing
characteristic of its Crushing Bulk is 4. appendages, the remains of the Master Moulder who was stitched into
this abomination exert a degree of control over the other creatures in its
menagerie before swiftly falling back into a pit of insanity.
Passive
THE BELL TOLLS: With a swing and a clang, the bell doth peal; Declare: Pick up to 4 other friendly non-Skryre Moulder units
Skaven march and man-things squeal! wholly within 12" of this unit to be the targets.
Effect: If the current battle round number is odd, add 2" to the Move Effect: Subtract 1 from the Attacks characteristic of this unit’s
characteristic of friendly Skaven units while they are wholly within Loosely Attached Bladed Limbs for the rest of the phase for each
13" of this unit. If the current battle round number is even, subtract target picked. Add 1 to hit rolls for the targets’ attacks for the rest of
1 from hit rolls for attacks made by enemy units that target a friendly the phase.
Skaven unit while it is wholly within 13" of this unit.
Keywords Rampage
Your Hero Phase 6
End of Any Turn
GNAW THROUGH REALITY: The Grey Seer focuses their energy
REGENERATING TERROR: Brood Terrors are a nightmare of
to keep open a tear in reality from which fellow Skaven can pour.
mutation and overwhelming strength.
Declare: Make a casting roll of 2D6.
Effect: Heal (D6) this unit.
Effect: Until the start of your next turn, this unit counts as a friendly
Gnawhole for the purposes of the ‘Gnawhole Ambush’, ‘Tunnels
Through Reality’ and ‘The Endless Vermintide’ abilities.
Keywords Spell
Once Per Turn (Army), End of Any Turn
ECHOES OF THE VERMINDOOM: As the bell rings in time
with one of its counterparts in sacred Blight City, it releases a pulse of
ruinous energies that invigorate the swarm.
Declare: Pick each friendly Skaven unit wholly within 13" of this
unit to be the targets.
Effect: Heal (D3) each target.
Hero, War Machine, Wizard (2), Ward (5+) Monster, Ward (5+)
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Chaos, Skaven, Masterclan Chaos, Skaven, Moulder
Permission to download/print for personal use only. © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2025
