--- Page 1 ---
FACTION RULES:
STORMCAST ETERNALS
HEROIC TRAITS
You can pick a heroic trait from this table instead of from other Heroic Traits tables available to this faction.
STORMFORGED QUALITIES (Hero only)
Passive Your Hero Phase
LEGENDARY TENACITY: This hero might well be INTENSE PIETY: This hero’s intense and unwavering
struck down, but there is little in the Mortal Realms that devotion to the Sigmar’s mission is one of such absolute
can stop them from rising again, bloodied but unbowed. focus that they can cause the followers of rival gods
to hesitate and falter with a few well-chosen words or
Effect: The first time this unit would be destroyed,
soul-piercing stare.
before removing it from play, roll a dice. On a 3+, this
unit is not destroyed and any remaining damage points Declare: Pick a visible enemy Priest or Wizard within
inflicted on it have no effect. Then, Heal (D3) this unit. 18" of this unit to be the target.
Effect: Roll a dice. On a 3+, subtract 1 from casting rolls
Passive and chanting rolls for the target until the start of your
next turn.
HOUR OF GLORY: This hero’s hour has come; their
deeds will shatter the wicked, deliver the weak and protect
the Mortal Realms themselves from any evil that would see
them undone.
Effect: This unit can be picked to use the ‘Their Finest
Hour’ ability even if it has already used it this battle. In
addition, when this unit is picked to use the ‘Their Finest
Hour’ ability, add 5 to its control score for the rest of
the turn.
ARTEFACTS OF POWER
You can pick an artefact from this table instead of from other Artefacts of Power tables available to this faction.
RELICS OF SIGMARON (Hero only)
Once Per Battle, Your Hero Phase Once Per Battle, Any Hero Phase
BANNER OF SIGMAR: The hero unfurls a mighty BEACON OF AZYR: This beacon is brimming with
banner and plunges its pommel into the earth with the the magic of the Celestial Realm. When unleashed, holy
force of a falling comet, where it stands upright and lightning surges forth, empowering a nearby Stormcast
proud, declaring Sigmar’s reckoning to all who bear Eternal who is attuned to the tempest.
witness to its majesty.
Declare: Pick a visible friendly Stormcast Eternals
Declare: Pick an objective within 18" of this unit to be Wizard or Priest wholly within 12" of this unit to be
the target. the target.
Effect: Until the start of your next turn, your opponent Effect: The next time this turn that the target uses a
cannot control the target objective while they have no Prayer or Spell ability, instead of making a casting
units contesting it. roll or chanting roll for them, you can use a value of 7
for the roll that cannot be modified. After that ability is
resolved, if the target has any ritual points, reset their
Once Per Turn, Reaction: Opponent declared a ritual points total to 0.
command or a Rampage ability for a unit in combat
with this unit D esigner’s Note: Ritual points apply modifiers so cannot
be used with this ability to increase the chanting roll to
SIGIL OF MORRDA: This sigil is one of the god more than 7.
Morrda, a death god that escaped Nagash’s purge of
Shyish. Their power, perhaps not what it once was, is still
potent and to be rightly feared.
Effect: Roll a dice. On a 3+, that command or Rampage
ability has no effect, it still counts as having been used
and any command points spent to use that ability are
still lost.
Permission to download/print for personal use only. © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2025

--- Page 2 ---
6+
MOVE
• SCOURGE OF GHYRAN WARSCROLL •
12"
H
T S
L12 3+A IRIDAN THE WITNESS
A V
E E
H
5
CONTROL MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Axe of the Final Threshold
4 3+ 3+ 2 3
Crit (Mortal)
The heart and soul of the Ariax’s Plunging Talons
Ruination chambers is Iridan 6 4+ 2+ 2 2
Charge (+1 Damage), Companion
the Witness, chosen champion
of the mysterious death god
Morrda. Dispatched to the Passive Once Per Turn, Reaction: This Your Hero Phase 3
battlefields of the Everspring
Swathe, they lead a great THE FLAMES OF HOPE: The unit was picked to be the target of a DEMANDS OF THE
detachment of silent, storm- billowing flames borne by Iridan non-Core ability WITNESS: Iridan understands
eyed champions. Iridan rides are instantly recognisable by all of GUARDIAN OF THE FINAL better than any that the most
the Morrgryph Ariax, a winged Sigmar’s greatest warriors, even THRESHOLD: Iridan does battle assured way to avoid the
menace whose unearthly those who have lost nearly every where others cannot tread, fighting incremental erosion of the flaw
presence on the battlefield fills part of themselves in his name. in lands transformed into scenes of in the Reforging process is to
bo t n h e e - d o en e f e e th p m e t i i e e r r s w r o o i f r l l O a t n r o d d fi e r g r o h w b t i s . t t h h a e m Effect: You can re-roll resistance a m p a o g c i a c l s y fi p n se d . n E o v e p n u t r h ch e a m se o s o t n c o th rr is o sive a ex v h oi o d r t b t e h in ei g r c c u h t a d rg o e w s n to , a v n a d n q so u i t s h h e y
rolls for friendly Ruination shepherd of lost souls, their faith their foes quickly, mercilessly and
Chamber units while they are granting them near immunity to without hesitation.
wholly within 12" of this unit.
such impurities.
Declare: Pick a visible friendly
Effect: Make a resistance roll of D6. Ruination Chamber unit wholly
On a 3+, that ability has no effect within 12" of this unit to be the
on this unit. target, then make a chanting roll
of D6.
Effect: Until the start of your
next turn, add 1 to the Rend
characteristic of the target’s melee
weapons. If the chanting roll was
7+, you can pick another eligible
unit to be a second target.
Keywords Prayer
Once Per Turn (Army),
Any Combat Phase
ON WINGS OF DEATH: Ariax
swoops over the heads of the foe,
wrong-footing charging enemies.
Declare: Pick an enemy unit
in combat with this unit to be
the target.
Effect: Roll a dice. On a 3+:
• You can remove this unit from
the battlefield and set it up again
on the battlefield within 1" of
the target.
• If the target charged this turn,
subtract 1 from hit rolls for the
target’s attacks for the rest of
the turn.
Keywords Rampage
Unique, Hero, Monster, Priest (1), Fly, Ward (6+)
KEYWORDS
Order, Stormcast Eternals, Ruination Chamber
Permission to download/print for personal use only. © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2025
