--- Page 1 ---
®
BATTLETOME SUPPLEMENT
SOULBLIGHT
GR AVELORDS
1

--- Page 2 ---
Prostrate yourselves in awe, mortals, for you are in the presence of the
Midnight Aristocracy. We are the masters of the night, the terror clawing at
the dark corners of your mind.
We are the Soulblight Gravelords, and your blood is our delight.
Against the supernatural strength and arcane might of the vampire, no
living being can hope to triumph. Our armies are the numberless dead,
summoned from barrow, crypt and unmarked grave. Clad in rusted mail and
with sightless, cratered eyes, they march to mankind’s ruin. They do not tire.
They do not stop. One day, the realms entire will be crushed beneath their
iron tread. So too do a menagerie of other beasts serve at our whim: hulking
armoured killers, swarms of ravenous night-things and carrion-titans that
soar on tattered wings.
The Soulblight have preyed upon your kind since you first crawled out from
lightless caves, and the annals of our victories are long indeed. Perhaps
most famous of all is the tale of Ulfenkarn, the Cursed City. Conquered by an
enterprising vampire warlord, this mighty human settlement was transformed
into a beacon of suffering as an offering to Nagash, Supreme Lord of
the Undead.
Now Ulfenkarn slips into the mouth of the Shyish Nadir, that all-consuming
vortex of oblivion that lurks at the core of the Realm of Death. The city and its
remaining inhabitants – both living and dead – are slowly being pulled apart,
devoured by the most powerful concentrations of end-magic in the cosmos.
Let the Cursed City’s fate foretell the doom that awaits all mortals. Let them
whisper the name of Ulfenkarn in hushed, fearful tones – a symbol of their
helplessness in the face of the undying.
BATTLETOME SUPPLEMENT
SOULBLIGHT
GR AVELORDS

--- Page 3 ---
BATTLETOME SUPPLEMENT
SOULBLIGHT GRAVELORDS
Every Citadel Miniature is a unique piece of the ever-evolving narrative of Warhammer. It is, then, an unfortunate
truth that we can’t continue to sell and support every model we’ve ever made indefinitely. As we make new models,
and new books to explore their background and rules, we have to stop producing and featuring some older models.
But just like many of you, we still treasure our collections of older Citadel Miniatures, and we still want to be able to
use them in games and forge glorious narratives on the tabletop!
Currently, the rules in this battletome supplement are still legal for use in competitive play. However, on
1st June 2026, these rules will move over to Warhammer Legends. This means that they will no longer be legal for
competitive play. When that time comes, we encourage you to continue to use your collection for casual play, and we
will continue to support this battletome supplement with rules updates as needed throughout the current edition of
Warhammer Age of Sigmar.
OFFICIAL SUBSTITUTE LIST
The following units no longer have current warscrolls: Grave Guard, Black Knights and Zombie Dragon. You
can use the models in these units to represent the following units as appropriate, provided they are on the listed
base sizes:
• Grave Guard → Barrow Guard (28.5mm)
• Black Knights → Barrow Knights (60 × 35mm)
• Zombie Dragon → Revenant Draconith (160mm)
PRODUCED BY THE WARHAMMER DESIGN STUDIO
With thanks to The Faithful and The Loretesters for their invaluable services.
Battletome Supplement: Soulblight Gravelords © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2025. Battletome Supplement: Soulblight Gravelords, GW, Games Workshop,
Citadel, Warhammer, Warhammer Age of Sigmar, Battletome, Stormcast Eternals, the ‘winged-hammer’ Warhammer logo, and all associated logos, illustrations, images,
names, creatures, races, vehicles, locations, weapons, characters, and the distinctive likenesses thereof, are either ® or TM, and/or © Games Workshop Limited, variably
registered around the world. All Rights Reserved.
Permission to download/print for personal use only.
This is a work of fiction. All the characters and events portrayed in this book are fictional, and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidental.
Pictures used for illustrative purposes only.
Certain Citadel products may be dangerous if used incorrectly and Games Workshop does not recommend them for use by children under the age of 16 without adult
supervision. Whatever your age, be careful when using glues, bladed equipment and sprays and make sure that you read and follow the instructions on the packaging.
Games Workshop Ltd., Willow Road, Lenton, Games Workshop Limited - Irish branch
Nottingham, NG7 2WS, United Kingdom Unit 3, Lower Liffey Street, Dublin 1, D01 K199, Ireland
3

--- Page 4 ---
THE CURSED CITY
Once, long ago, the proud Shyishan port-city of this ragtag group defied the vampire’s plans and saved a
Mournhold held dominion over the island underworld great many of the city’s inhabitants, escaping through a
of Szargorond and the dark, freezing oceans that hidden realmgate. Radukar’s vision of outright victory
crashed against its cliffs. Then came the Age of Chaos, was denied, and the vampire was cut down. Yet even
when the Ruinous Powers of old returned to lay claim to this could not prevent Ulfenkarn’s doom. Gradually, the
the Mortal Realms. Daemons fell upon the city in vast pull of the Nadir began to tear the Cursed City apart, its
numbers. In panicked desperation, its leaders turned to districts splintering into an archipelago of crumbling
the vampire warlord Radukar the Wolf, who offered to islets separated from one another by a howling sea of
protect Mournhold – for a price. end-magic. Streets and towering structures collapsed
into fistfuls of ash, the memories they contained
In exchange for Radukar’s aid, Mournhold would offer dispersed on the deathly winds.
up some of its residents as ‘tribute’. The Wolf slowly
tightened his stranglehold on the city, surrounding Only a handful of vampires and their favoured
himself with a court of vampiric sycophants and an servants escaped this catastrophe. Some, like the newly
army of risen dead. Many years passed. The Stormcasts resurrected Radukar, Nagash still had use for. Others
descended from Azyr. Yet their light did not shine had a talent for self-preservation, transforming into
upon the Cursed City. In truth, Radukar’s ambitions swarms of vermin in order to slip away unnoticed.
were greater than anyone could have guessed. When And so, despite its dramatic death throes, fragments of
the Shyish Necroquake – a conjuration of Nagash, the the Cursed City remain: echoes of a nightmare that
Great Necromancer and master of the Realm of Death will haunt the minds of mortals for evermore.
– broke across reality, the Wolf sensed a chance to rise It is believed by many death-priests of the
in the undead hierarchy of Shyish. He would deliver the Innerlands that, by Nagash’s will, the
Cursed City to Nagash as a glorious sacrifice. scattered elements of Ulfenkarn will
one day realign. On that day,
Abandoning the pretence of alliance, the vampire and its denizens, raised from
his minions seized total control of Mournhold, slaying their long slumber, will
its mortal leaders and turning its entire populace into march once more
helpless blood-thralls. Renamed Ulfenkarn – the Wolf’s to subjugate
Feast – the city descended into nightmarish madness. the living.
Allowing his vampiric underlings to run amok, Radukar
pursued his goal of destroying the will of the city-folk.
He aimed to create an aura of hopelessness so all-
encompassing that the city would be dragged into the
Shyish Nadir, the vortex of death magic left behind in
the aftermath of the Necroquake.
The Wolf had not counted on the valour
and boldness of a few rebellious souls
– the heroes of Ulfenkarn. Led
by the Azyrite agent Jelsen
Darrock and the former
guard-commander
Emelda Braskov,

--- Page 5 ---
DENIZENS OF THE CURSED CITY
TORGILLIUS THE GORSLAV THE WATCH CAPTAIN
CHAMBERLAIN GRAVEKEEPER HALGRIM
A former member of the Half again as tall as a human When Radukar the Wolf seized
scholarly brotherhood of and unnaturally strong, Gorslav control of Ulfenkarn in a violent
sepulchrists known as the Pact the Gravekeeper inspired coup, many humans sought to
Mortalis, Torgillius turned his absolute terror amongst the advance their position by aiding
back on that august company Ulfenkarni people. Mute and him. One such was Oleksandr
in order to join the Wolf’s court utterly merciless, this strange Halgrim, the city’s traitorous
at Ulfenkarn. He brought with creature seemed only to care for Watch Captain. He personally
him reams of stolen research tending the crypts and charnel rounded up many nobles and
into soul repositories – devices pits of the city’s corpse-gardens. important persons and delivered
that could essentially render a them to the Wolf’s dungeons
vampire invulnerable. With one wide sweep of his in the Ebon Citadel, where they
gravekeeper’s spade, Gorslav were tortured and devoured or
Infected by Radukar with the would smash his victims to the else forcibly transformed into
Soulblight curse at his own ground. Then, whether dead or undead fiends.
request, Torgillius would still clinging to life, he would
become the Wolf’s most hurl them into deep pits and For his treachery, Halgrim
trusted adjunct. He would bury them beneath mounds of received just reward: he was
also continue his hideous grave-soil. After several days, bound, gagged and thrown into
experiments into the nature of those poor souls would emerge a sewer by his outraged fellow
undeath, abducting prisoners as mindless undead thralls, officers, there to be eaten by
and dragging them down into ready to serve Radukar’s will. corpse-rats. The vermin picked
the dank laboratories of the his bones clean, but Radukar
ancient scholars’ hall known still had a use for him. The
‘When ye hear the scrape-
as Barrowmark. Wolf had his necromancers
scrape-scrape of Gorslav on
raise the Watch Captain as
his walk,
Torgillius was a cunning and a skeletal thrall and granted
malevolent creature, capable The only sound he ever him command of the newly
of projecting his mind into makes, for he ain’t one created Ulfenwatch.
vermin and flying beasts in for talk,
order to spy upon the populace Armed with a rusted halberd
Flee then, fool, and hide
of Ulfenkarn. He was also and shield and no longer
skilled in necromantic magic, away, and hope he don’t possessing a will of his own,
preferring to wither his foes come take ye, Halgrim patrolled the streets
to husks with enervating bolts of Ulfenkarn, gutting anyone
He’ll bind your arms
rather than engage them in the foolish enough to defy the
and drag ye off to bury
crude business of close combat. Wolf’s law.
ye awake.’
– Ulfenkarni folk song
5

--- Page 6 ---
VYRKOS BLOOD-BORN
Upon launching his internal conquest of Ulfenkarn, Radukar the Wolf targeted
the city’s noble dynasties, who had for centuries deluded themselves into believing
the vampire was under their control. Scores of highborn sons and daughters
were slaughtered and drained of every last drop of blue blood. A handful sought
to escape their predicament, bargaining away what little honour they had left in
exchange for receiving the Blood Kiss – the vampiric ritual by which mortals are
infected with the Soulblight curse.
The bestial strain of vampirism that Radukar carried within his burly frame
wrought horrific changes upon these desperate souls. Their bodies twisted into the
half-feral form of Vyrkos Blood-born. With lupine grace and enhanced senses, they
became the Wolf’s hunting hounds, seeking out troublemakers, escaped prisoners
and other enemies of Radukar’s Thirsting Court. Though their sharp claws sufficed
as lethal weapons, some carried rapiers or duelling swords – traditional Ulfenkarni
blades that were ideal for spilling mortal blood.
KOSARGI NIGHTGUARD enforcers, cadaverous brutes whose hunger for flesh did
Long before he arrived in the city of Mournhold, not abate in the least.
Radukar was a feared reaver of the Shyishan coastlines.
His elite warriors were the Kosargi – ogor mercenaries Upon hearing the thunderous stomp of their boots, the
recruited from the frozen underworlds of the Prime citizens of Ulfenkarn would scatter like bloodroaches –
Innerlands. They killed, looted and burned in the and with good reason. Whenever the Kosargi
Wolf’s name, and in return for this service, they glutted Nightguard were sent forth, violence soon followed.
themselves on the corpses of many a slain foe. Though possessed of little grace or swiftness, they were
all but impossible to lay low, for their rotting skin was as
When Radukar finally resolved to seize Mournhold for tough as barrow-stone. Ignoring their enemies’ pitiful
himself and remake it into the Wolf’s Feast, he decided strikes, the Kosargi methodically hacked them into
that his Kosargi would serve him better in death. He pieces with heavy blows from their bardiches.
had them all slaughtered and then raised through
necromantic rituals to do his bidding unto eternity.
‘‘‘AAAhhh,,, ttthhheee KKKooosssaaarrrgggiii... WWWiiittthhh ttthhhooossseee ooogggooorrrsss aaattt mmmyyy bbbaaaccckkk,,,
Transformed into unliving colossi, the so-called Kosargi I stained the shores of the Innerlands crimson.
Nightguard would indeed prove a most formidable It intrigues me to wonder what they might
weapon in the vampire’s arsenal. In undeath, these accomplish when stripped of mortal weakness.’
fur-clad warriors served their master without question
or hesitation. They became his gaolers, executioners and ––– RRRaaaddduuukkkaaarrr ttthhheee WWWooolllfff
VARGSKYR their monstrous appearance, the Vargskyrs were not
The Soulblight curse is an unpredictable affliction, mindless. They were cunning creatures who relished the
capable of causing all manner of unnatural changes in hunt, stalking the gloomy streets of the Cursed City in
those exposed to it. Not all of the Ulfenkarni mortals search of prey and relishing their quarry’s rising terror
bitten by Radukar were raised as vampires. Most were as they closed in for the kill.
drained ash-dry, but some went through a horrendous
transformation, unable to control the bestial curse that
seeped into their bloodstream. Bones bent and twisted
into new configurations. Muscles swelled and skin
peeled loose, pierced by wiry hairs. From a puddle of
steaming gore and discarded flesh, a Vargskyr would
arise – a blood-hungry giant three times the size of a
human and driven by a frenzied lust for fresh gore.
Vargskyrs were a manifestation of the animalistic
Vyrkos bloodline from which Radukar himself hailed. Though relatively rare, Vargskyrs were universally
They were impeccable hunters, strong enough to wrench dreaded by Ulfenkarni natives. Rumours that some
a man’s head from his shoulders and fast enough might have escaped the fall of the Cursed City bode ill
to keep pace with a galloping warhorse. But despite indeed for the mortals of Shyish.
6

--- Page 7 ---
VAMPIRE LORD ON ZOMBIE DRAGON
The warleaders of the Midnight Aristocracy are the gathering in its gullet. Once within striking distance, its
Vampire Lords, ancient commanders who have waged mouldering jaws distend to spew forth a toxic cloud of
campaigns of terror against mortalkind for centuries. pestilential vapours that dissolves flesh and bone upon
As far as these formidable beings are concerned, they impact, turning dozens of helpless victims into lifeless
have no equal in war or single combat. It is hard to husks. This opening onslaught often shatters the enemy,
entirely dismiss such arrogant certainty. When alloyed who are left reeling and defenceless when the drake
with hard-earned experience, the innate strength and then plunges into their midst in a blur of raking claws
speed of a Soulblight vampire becomes something and rotten fangs.
truly terrifying.
The drake’s raw strength alone is a grievous threat, but
It is unsurprising that such proud warriors favour it is the vampire sat astride the Zombie Dragon who
the most prestigious of mounts, and Zombie Dragons transforms the monster into a battle-winning weapon.
are particularly prized. These cadaverous flying Having spent hundreds of years mastering the use of
creatures are not true Revenant Draconith but rather traditional cavalry weaponry, the Vampire Lord may
the corpses of drakes that were stitched together with elect either to couch a deathlance or to wield a relic blade
foul necromancy or that lay in places suffused with that belongs to their undead dynasty.
especially potent amethyst magic. Innately feral and
predatory, they can only be brought to heel by a being of Deathlances are lethal on the charge, punching deep
supreme willpower. Vampire Lords find this an amusing into enemy formations and impaling or breaking bones
challenge to prove their glory beyond doubt. in the process. Furthermore, the weapon’s tip is imbued
with sinister curses that ensure that each wound is
Those who succeed in dominating a Zombie Dragon invariably fatal. Swords, however, offer the vampire a
are rewarded with a steed that can dominate the more reliable close-combat weapon, perfect for slashing
skies as easily as it can bring death and destruction to and hacking at enemies preoccupied with trying
the lands. Soaring high on tattered wings, the drake to escape the drake’s snapping jaws. The Soulblight
grants its master an unequalled view of the battlefield, vampire’s impressive martial might is enhanced by their
allowing them to strike wherever they can cause the inherent magical affinity, which allows them to boil the
most devastation. Tucking its wings alongside its body, blood of their prey or blast the life from foes with bolts
the undead beast plunges towards its prey, rancid gases of pure end-magic.
7

--- Page 8 ---
TERRORGHEIST
In the violent prehistory of the Mortal Realms, gigantic
chiropterans dominated the skies. Soaring above
the lands on membranous wings, they preyed upon
megafauna, descending from on high and stunning
their quarry with screeching cries before opening
their throats and guzzling their blood. The cadaverous
abominations known as Terrorgheists are all that remain
of this once-mighty lineage. Raised by necromantic
magic and driven by a voracious hunger that they
can never sate, they roam far and wide in search
of fresh gore.
Terrorgheists have sword-length talons and hooked
teeth that are excellent for tearing through flesh and
puncturing arteries. Yet their greatest weapon is still
their ear-shattering screech, which even in undeath
is powerful enough to rupture organs and shatter the
skulls of any mortals in close proximity. Those who
survive stumble about dazed, bleeding from the eyes and
ears – easy prey for the rampaging beast.
Vampires occasionally use Terrorgheists as undead
shock weapons, tempting them forth with offerings of
viscera and then directing them against their enemies.
In this, they rarely disappoint. Even if laid low, a
Terrorgheist has one final horrific surprise in store for
its vanquishers. Its rotten frame will burst in a violent
discharge of necromantic magic and pressurised corpse-
gas, and from the rent will spill forth a cloud of ravenous
carrion-bats, darting for the throats and eyes of the
nearest living beings.
BLOODSEEKER PALANQUIN
For all vampires, the lust for blood transcends a mere that they might enjoy fresh, piquant blood straight from
desire for sustenance. They crave the stuff with a the vein. Ever flamboyant, they elect to ride serenely into
fearsome intensity, savouring the most potent types of battle atop a Bloodseeker Palanquin.
ichor and hunting down enemies whom they believe
will grant them the most intoxicating feast. Yet there are These stately conveyances are carried forth by wailing
those of the Midnight Aristocracy who take things even gheists who rake those who get too close with spectral
further, obsessively collecting and blending blood as a claws. The Sanguinarch sprawls on a seat of silken
master vintner would perfect their wines. pillows, idly swirling a goblet filled with dark crimson
nectar as they scan the battlefield for champions who
Known as Sanguinarchs, these beings often serve their might prove particularly flavoursome. These luckless
dynasties as agents in mortal cities, spinning webs of foes are cut down and gruesomely exsanguinated by the
intrigue and gathering courts of sycophantic admirers. vampire’s sorceries, their blood emptied into a font at
In public, they adopt the persona of the courtly the front of the carriage. Other vampires may very well
matchmaker, manipulating liaisons between nobles in consider the Sanguinarch’s obsessions indulgent, but
order to produce the most sumptuous blends of blood in they cannot deny the vitality that floods through them
their progeny – all for the vampires to one day harvest as they sample their impeccable vintage.
and savour. There are also dark tales of cursed gardens
out in the Shyishan wilderness where Sanguinarchs
‘Do try this. It’s a pure Azyrite lineage, blended
experiment upon captured mortals to refine their blends.
with a spattering of Ghurish beastspeaker for
Many Sanguinarchs believe that the pulse-pounding that earthy richness.’
ferocity of the battlefield serves to add spice and depth to
– Countess Fontesa, the Rose of Carstinia
the gore they consume, and they eagerly seek out war so
8

--- Page 9 ---
Torgillius the Chamberlain Gorslav the Gravekeeper Vyrkos Blood-born
Watch Captain Halgrim Vargskyr

--- Page 10 ---
Kosargi Nightguard
Terrorgheist
Vampire Lord on Zombie Dragon
10

--- Page 11 ---
FACTION
• SOULBLIGHT GRAVELORDS WARSCROLL •
TORGILLIUS THE
RULES
CHAMBERLAIN
The battle formation and warscrolls in this 6+
MOVE
battletome supplement are part of the Soulblight
Gravelords faction. See page 3 for information about H 5" This dark magician earned himself a place in
Warhammer Legends and the official proxy list. T S Radukar’s court thanks to his mastery of grave-sand
A L 5 6+A V and its uses. When called into battle, Torgillius can
E E unleash devastating sorcery that leaves any survivors
Rules updated as of May 2025. H
2 drained of all strength.
CONTROL
RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Necrotising Bolts
18" 6 4+ 4+ 1 D3
Shoot in Combat
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Familiars’ Fangs and Claws
4 4+ 4+ - 1
Companion
Passive
TRUSTED LIEUTENANT: Radukar has granted Torgillius
the resources with which to continue his research. In return, the
Chamberlain offers his necromantic expertise and the secrets gathered
for him by his vermin spies.
BATTLE
Effect: This unit can use the ‘Deathly Invocation’ ability even if a
different friendly unit has already used it this turn, but units that have
FORMATION already been picked to be targets of that ability this turn cannot be
picked to be targets.
You can pick the following battle formation for a
Soulblight Gravelords army instead of picking one Your Hero Phase 6
from the Soulblight Gravelords faction rules. FAILING FORTITUDE: Ruthlessly targeting his prey’s
weaknesses, Torgillius hurls bolts of enervating energy to drain their
strength and resilience.
LEGIONS OF ULFENKARN
Declare: Pick a visible enemy unit within 18" of this unit to be the
target, then make a casting roll of 2D6.
Passive
WARDENS OF THE WOLF: The might of Effect: Until the start of your next turn, subtract 1 from wound rolls
for the target’s attacks.
Ulfenkarn marches forth from the shattered city,
its graves emptied to bolster the tides of endless Keywords Spell
dead, as the howls of feral vampires echo across
the battlefield.
Effect: Each time 1 or more slain models
are returned to a friendly Soulblight
Gravelords Infantry or Beast unit wholly
within 12" of a friendly Belladamma Volga,
Radukar the Wolf, Radukar the Beast, Ivya
Volga, Lady Annika, Kritza, Torgillius the
Chamberlain, Gorslav the Gravekeeper or
Watch Captain Halgrim, add 1 to the number
of slain models returned to that unit.
Unique, Hero, Wizard (1), Infantry, Ward (6+)
KEYWORDS
Death, Soulblight Gravelords
11
FACTION
RULES

--- Page 12 ---
• SOULBLIGHT GRAVELORDS WARSCROLL • • SOULBLIGHT GRAVELORDS WARSCROLL •
WATCH CAPTAIN GORSLAV THE
HALGRIM GRAVEKEEPER
6+ 6+
MOVE MOVE
4" 5"
H During the purge of the city, the traitorous Watch H The macabre creature known as Gorslav the
T S Captain Oleksandr Halgrim was swift to swear T S Gravekeeper lorded over the many cemeteries and
A L5 4+ A V himself and his warriors to the Wolf’s cause. In A L 6 6+A V mausoleums of Ulfenkarn. In battle, he leads hordes
E E death, he commanded the vast legions of skeleton E E of shambling Deadwalkers that hurl themselves at
H H
2 warriors known as the Ulfenwatch. 2 the foe, infused with a rabid determination.
CONTROL CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Cursed Halberd and Sabre
4 4+ 3+ 2 2 Gravekeeper’s Spade 5 4+ 3+ 1 2
Crit (Mortal)
Passive Passive
DISCIPLINED ADVANCE: Under Halgrim’s command, his KEEPER OF THE CORPSE-GARDENS: In battle, Gorslav can call
warriors advance ceaselessly in regimented lockstep to crush the foes upon his Deadwalker minions to throw themselves into enemy attacks
of Ulfenkarn. and blunt their blades.
Effect: Each time you make a run roll for a friendly Deathrattle Effect: While this unit is within the combat range of a friendly
Skeletons unit wholly within 12" of this unit, you can change that roll Deadwalker Zombies unit:
to a 4.
•This unit has Ward (4+).
•Each time you make a successful ward roll for this unit, inflict 1
Reaction: You declared a Fight ability for this unit mortal damage on a friendly Deadwalker Zombies unit within this
unit’s combat range after the damage sequence for this unit has been
ECHOES OF THE WATCH: Beneath the sightless gaze of Halgrim,
resolved (ward rolls cannot be made for those damage points).
the long-dead garrison of Mournhold act with a disturbing semblance
of the martial training they prided themselves on in life.
Once Per Battle, Reaction: You declared the ‘Endless Legions’
Effect: Pick a friendly Deathrattle Skeletons unit that has not used
ability and picked a friendly Deadwalkers unit to be the target
a Fight ability this turn and is within this unit’s combat range to be
the target. The target can be picked to use a Fight ability immediately ARISE! ARISE!: With a rasping cry, the Gravekeeper beckons
after the Fight ability used by this unit has been resolved. his freshly buried victims to rise as undead and defend the walls
of Ulfenkarn.
Effect: When resolving the effect of the ‘Endless Legions’ ability, set
up the replacement unit wholly within 3" of this unit instead of wholly
within 12" and more than 3" from all enemy units instead of more
than 9", even if it is not your movement phase. The replacement unit
can still use Charge abilities this turn.
Unique, Hero, Infantry, Ward (6+) Unique, Hero, Infantry, Ward (6+)
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Death, Soulblight Gravelords, Deathrattle Death, Soulblight Gravelords, Deadwalkers
12

--- Page 13 ---
• SOULBLIGHT GRAVELORDS WARSCROLL • • SOULBLIGHT GRAVELORDS WARSCROLL •
VYRKOS BLOOD-BORN VARGSKYR
6+ 6+
MOVE MOVE
8" 8"
H In the gloom-shrouded streets of Ulfenkarn, the H Unable to control the feral aspect of the curse that
T S Vyrkos Blood-born are never far away, stalking the T S surges through their blood, Vargskyr are towering,
A L 3 6+A V shadows in search of prey. Once these vampiric fiends A L 8 5+A V distended creatures. On the hunt, they stalk their
E E catch the scent of blood, they attack with savage E E prey before descending upon them in a frenzy of
H H
1 ferocity and lightning speed. 1 slashing claws and razor-sharp fangs.
CONTROL CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Piercing Blade Raking Talons
3 3+ 3+ 1 2 4 4+ 2+ 1 2
Crit (2 Hits) Companion
Lacerating Fangs
2 4+ 2+ 2 3
Passive Companion
CLING TO THE SHADOWS: With quicksilver speed, these
creatures scale terrain in a matter of moments, hiding in the shadows Passive
while they prepare to strike.
BEAST
Effect: While each model in this unit is within 1" of any terrain Effect: This unit has a maximum control score of 1.
features, this unit cannot be targeted by shooting attacks unless the
attacking model is within 9" of it.
Passive
BOUNDING HASTE: Three times the height of a man and with
Once Per Turn (Army), End of Enemy Turn supernatural strength and reflexes, a Vargskyr covers ground with
SHADOWFAST: Vyrkos Blood-born move with savage swiftness. terrifying speed.
Effect: This unit can use a Move ability as if it were your Effect: Add 1 to the number of dice rolled when making charge rolls
movement phase. for this unit, to a maximum of 3. In addition, when this unit uses
a Charge ability, it can pass through terrain features and enemy
models as if it had Fly.
Infantry, Ward (6+) Beast, Ward (6+)
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Death, Soulblight Gravelords, Vampire Death, Soulblight Gravelords, Vampire
13

--- Page 14 ---
• SOULBLIGHT GRAVELORDS WARSCROLL • • SOULBLIGHT GRAVELORDS WARSCROLL •
BLOODSEEKER
KOSARGI NIGHTGUARD
PALANQUIN
6+ 6+
MOVE MOVE
6" 10" From atop macabre conveyances known as
H The Kosargi ogors served Radukar for centuries, first H Bloodseeker Palanquins, the Sanguinarchs refine
T S in life and then in death, raised from the grave with T S
A L E 4 5+ E A V b fo e u fo l r n e e t c h ro em tic , c so a r r c v e in ry g . g In re b a a t t b t l l o e, o t d h y e s y w s a c t a h tt e e s r i a n l t l o f o th e e s A L E 12 4+ E A V the e x a s r a t n o g f u b i lo n o at d e - b w l o en rt d h i y n g ch . I a n m b p a i t o t n le s , , t u h s e in y g v i t o h l e e i n r t ly
H H ichor in crimson concoctions to invigorate their
3 enemy with each swing of their bardiches. 5 vampiric kin.
CONTROL CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Sanguinarch’s Stiletto
Kosargi Bardiche 2 4+ 2+ 2 3 5 3+ 3+ 1 2
Crit (2 Hits)
Spectral Host’s Blades
10 4+ 4+ - 1
Passive Companion
A PACT MAINTAINED: The undead mercenaries of Kos are as loyal
to Radukar in death as they were in life. Passive
Effect: While a friendly Radukar the Wolf or Radukar the Beast WAILS OF THE DAMNED: Unnerving howls follow this macabre
is within this unit’s combat range, both that unit and this unit have carriage wherever it roams.
Ward (5+).
Effect: Subtract 3 from the control scores of enemy units while they
are within 12" of this unit.
Once Per Battle (Army), Your Combat Phase
A PROMISING CONCOCTION: Sanguinarchs are obsessed with
crafting the finest ichorous blends, and they can further refine such rich
pickings to bolster their strength and that of their lackeys.
Declare: Pick up to 3 visible friendly Vampire units wholly within
12" of this unit to be the targets.
Effect: Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of the targets’ melee
weapons for the rest of the turn.
Infantry, Ward (6+) Hero, War Machine, Wizard (1), Fly, Ward (6+)
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Death, Soulblight Gravelords, Deadwalkers Death, Soulblight Gravelords, Vampire
14

--- Page 15 ---
• SOULBLIGHT GRAVELORDS WARSCROLL • • SOULBLIGHT GRAVELORDS WARSCROLL •
VAMPIRE LORD CADO EZECHIAR
ON ZOMBIE DRAGON THE HOLLOW KING
6+ 6+
MOVE MOVE
12" 6"
H The proudest and most martial of vampires take to H Known as the Hollow King, Cado Ezechiar seeks
T S battle astride terrifying undead drakes. Armed with T S both vengeance and redemption. Once a mortal king,
A L16 3+A V such a potent mount, they are capable of turning the A L 6 4+A V his lands were ravaged by Chaos. Now he hunts the
E E tide of battle alone, striking down their rivals and E E servants of ruin while seeking a way to escape the
H H
5 supping their blood from enchanted goblets. 2 controlling will of Nagash.
CONTROL CONTROL
RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MMEELLEEEE WWEEAAPPOONNSS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Pestilential Breath EEzzeecchhiiaarriiaann GGrreeaattsswwoorrdd 5 3+ 3+ 2 2
Shoot in Combat, 10" D6 2+ 4+ 1 2 Crit (Auto-wound)
Companion
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg Your Hero Phase
Dynastic Weapon THE COURT OF THE LOST: The iron rings worn by Cado hold
4 3+ 3+ 2 2
Charge (+1 Damage) the spirits of souls from his past. In times of need, he summons their
ethereal forms to aid him.
Draconic Maw
3 4+ 2+ 2 3
Companion Effect: Roll a dice. On a 2+, pick 1 of the following effects to apply
until the start of your next turn:
Draconic Claws
7 4+ 2+ 1 2
Companion •This unit has a Move characteristic of 12".
•Add 1 to casting rolls, unbinding rolls and banishment rolls for
this unit.
Passive
•This unit’s melee weapons have Crit (Mortal).
BATTLE DAMAGED
Effect: While this unit has 10 or more damage points, the Attacks
characteristic of its Draconic Claws is 5. Your Hero Phase 7
RETRIBUTION OR SALVATION: Cado’s quest for vengeance
and self-control manifests as two forms of sorcery: bolts of killing
Passive
judgement and an aura of authority that augments nearby undead.
THAT WHICH SHOULD NOT BE: To behold such a majestic
Declare: Pick a visible unit within 12" of this unit to be the target,
beast as a dragon in the grip of undeath evokes awe and abject terror in
then make a casting roll of 2D6.
equal measure.
Effect: If the target is an enemy unit, inflict D3 mortal damage on it.
Effect: If this unit charged this turn, for the rest of the turn, subtract 5
from the control scores of enemy units while they are in combat with If the target is a friendly Deathrattle or Deadwalkers unit,
this unit. subtract 1 from wound rolls for combat attacks that target that unit
for the rest of the turn.
Once Per Turn (Army), End of Any Turn Keywords Spell
BLOODTHIRSTY DOMINANCE: The Vampire Lord and their
monstrous mount single out worthy prey, tearing into them with
relentless fury.
Declare: If this unit charged this turn, pick an enemy unit in combat
with it to be the target.
Effect: Roll a number of dice equal to the target’s Health
characteristic. For each 6, inflict 1 mortal damage on the target.
Keywords Rampage
Hero, Monster, Wizard (1), Fly, Ward (6+) Unique, Hero, Wizard (1), Infantry, Ward (6+)
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Death, Soulblight Gravelords, Vampire Death, Soulblight Gravelords, Vampire
15

--- Page 16 ---
6+
MOVE
• SOULBLIGHT GRAVELORDS WARSCROLL •
12"
H
T S
L14 4+A TERRORGHEIST
A V
E E
H
5
CONTROL RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Death Shriek
10" 1 4+ 2+ 2 D6
Shoot in Combat, Companion
The Terrorgheist is a MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
bloodthirsty undead beast
whose piercing cry scythes Fanged Maw 3 4+ 2+ 2 D6
through the enemy as it plunges Companion
into the fray. Survivors are left
reeling and defenceless against Skeletal Talons 6 4+ 2+ 1 2
the eternally starving beast Companion
as it attempts to devour them,
and such is the size of its maw
Passive Passive
that human-sized prey is often
swallowed whole. BATTLE DAMAGED GAPING MAW: This horrific
Effect: While this unit has 10 or creature bites a great chunk out of
more damage points, the Attacks its prey – or even swallows it whole.
characteristic of its Skeletal Talons
Effect: Each time an attack made
is 4.
with this unit’s Fanged Maw scores
a critical hit, that attack inflicts 6
mortal damage on the target unit
and the attack sequence ends.
Once Per Turn (Army),
Any Combat Phase
SONIC ASSAULT: With a
barrage of ear-piercing shrieks, the
Terrorgheist drops from the sky to
savage its stunned prey.
Declare: If this unit charged this
turn, pick an enemy unit in combat
with it to be the target.
Effect: Roll a dice for each model in
the target unit.
If 3 or more of the dice have the
same value, for the rest of the turn,
this unit has Strike-first.
If 6 or more of the dice have the
same value, for the rest of the turn,
this unit has Strike-first and
the target cannot use commands.
Keywords Rampage
Monster, Fly, Ward (6+)
KEYWORDS
Death, Soulblight Gravelords
16
