--- Page 1 ---
®
BATTLETOME SUPPLEMENT
STORMCAST
ETERNALS

--- Page 2 ---
We are the storm’s will, lightning made manifest. The uncontrollable maelstrom
is unpicked by our arcane arts and directed either to empower our warrior
kindred or to banish Sigmar’s foes. It is we of the Sacrosanct chambers who
stand proud at the Anvil of Apotheosis, guiding the fallen back to Azyr and
holding them through the pain of rebirth. We are Sigmar’s mages and the
guardians of his chosen warriors.
Yet, for many years, we have been out in the field, searching for answers.
We know deeply the nature of the obliterating tempest. We have watched the
agony of Reforging claim pieces of each Stormcast Eternal’s soul until there
is nothing left but lightning and judgement. Surely it was our calling to find
a cure for the flaw that still robs a little of each life remade upon the Anvil.
Thus did Sigmar hope, and thus did we descend from the heavens, leaving our
duties behind.
But as the Hour of Ruin darkens the skies and the firmament shrieks with
errant Stormcast souls, we have been recalled to Azyr to once more fulfil our
sacred obligations.
Do we admit that there is no mythical panacea and go back to providing blessed
relief to our kin, knowing full well that we condemn them to a slow end?
Or do we ignore the mandate and strike out even further as the realms burn,
with hope in our hearts that our brethren might yet be saved?

--- Page 3 ---
2

--- Page 4 ---
WATCHERS OF THE ANVIL
With the crackling storm at their fingertips and a song of spiritual fortitude upon their lips, the Sacrosanct
chambers have long kept watch at the Anvil of Apotheosis. It is they who guide the lightning-wreathed souls of
their kin back into the world of the living and soothe the agony of Reforging.
Staunch wardens and lightning-mages of unparalleled search for a cure. Ionus voiced what no one had so
might, the Sacrosanct chambers have long stood at far dared: the Stormcast Eternals were degrading too
Sigmar’s side in High Azyr. These Stormcasts once fast without their Sacrosanct wardens, and the mages
spent every waking moment in the Sigmarabulum, the could no longer afford to be in the field. This was the
ring of temples that form a corona around the sacred push Sigmar needed to return his Sacrosanct chambers
core of Mallus. Here, they watched over the Anvil to the Sigmarabulum. Those who had passed beyond
upon which all Stormcast Eternals are Reforged. It the Storm’s Eye and become more divine weapon than
was they who coaxed crackling souls back into human human were instead taken to the Ruination chambers to
form or, failing that, sealed the charged essence within live out their existence in isolation, only serving in times
great mausoleums until they could be restored. But of utmost need.
the methods of Reforging were not perfect. Each cycle
eroded a little more of the soul being remade, plunging
the Stormcast into excruciating agony. It was thanks
to the deific chants and arcane ministrations of the
Sacrosanct that this flaw of Reforging was stymied to
some degree, though it has never truly been cured.
Then came the Necroquake, the reawakening of
thousands of unquiet spirits and the flood of arcane
power across the Mortal Realms. Souls returned to Azyr Now fewer and fewer lightning-gheists tear through
stained with death magic and tormented by pain. Some Azyr’s firmament, having been guided back to the
did not return at all, having been hooked by Nagash’s agonising Anvil by its mage-sacristans. Privately,
servants and gifted to their master, who believed all such however, Ionus’s ‘truth’ – that there surely is no cure
anima to be rightfully his. to be found – is not universally accepted amongst
the Sacrosanct. Despite the sentinels’ presence, many
Sigmar faced a stark choice: deploy the Sacrosanct Stormcasts are still losing emotions and memories like
chambers, and in so doing risk the souls of fallen sand through an hourglass, especially now that the
Stormcasts without the custodians of the Anvil to guide Hour of Ruin has come and the golden warriors are
them, or face losing everything he had gained since overwrought trying to defend Sigmar’s cities from the
the Realmgate Wars to Nagash. He chose the former, Skaven. Behind closed doors, the Sacrosanct chambers
and thus commenced the Soul Wars, with the storm- have begun to splinter, divided over the ultimate fate
wielding mages descending to drive back the gheists of their brethren. Not all think that their exodus from
and the reanimated dead, all whilst searching for a cure the wider realms was the right decision to secure their
for the gradual deterioration of their brethren. All hope kin’s future.
rode on the Sacrosanct. Such hope was to be ill placed.
Though the Soul Wars ebbed, with Nagash banished DESCENT OF THE SACROSANCT
by Teclis and the deathly miasma of the Necroquake The arrival of the Sacrosanct mages at the onset
dispersed, the Sacrosanct chambers could not find the of the Soul Wars was marked by the battle for
panacea they sought. They searched on in the Realm Glymmsforge, a city in Shyish beneath which lay
of Death long after relative safety had returned to its the Ten Thousand Tombs. Nagash sought to claim
mortal cities. All the while, the shortage of sentinels at the soul-bounty therein for his armies and surge
the Anvil of Apotheosis led more and more Stormcasts through the city’s realmgate into Azyr, taking the
to find themselves shorn of memories, emotions or even God-King’s very seat of power for his own.
their physical forms as they transfigured instead into
raging lightning-gheists. Yet the Sacrosanct refused to It was because of the bravery of Lord-Arcanum
give up; no one wanted to admit that the sacrifice of Balthus Arum and his Grave Brethren chamber
their duty had been for naught. that the city still stands. He fought back against a
great host led by the Knight of Shrouds known as
Only when Ionus Cryptborn was appointed as a Pharus Thaum, a former Stormcast corrupted by
champion of Sigmar did this vicious cycle break. Nagash. The Grave Brethren helped the citizens to
The newly titled Warden of Lost Souls took a more survive safely by shielding them in the Stormcasts’
pragmatic approach, advising that the Sacrosanct own keep. From this battle on, Sacrosanct chambers
chambers be recalled to Azyr in order to mitigate the became a common sight on the Shyishan battlefield.
flaw in Reforging once more – and give up the futile
3

--- Page 5 ---
The Anvil had always been cold. Astreia was all too familiar with its shining surface. More than once had
she been wrought anew from the pieces of her broken animus, feeling the slab frigid beneath her as her new
lungs swelled.
As she slid off to steady herself on foreign-feeling feet, broken visions of her death crackled behind her
eyelids – a gilded king… a feast… no, had it not been a gibbering crowd of ghouls? Whatever the case, she knew
she had been close to finding what she had sought for so long. She could feel it.
Footsteps echoed around her. Her brethren wished to pacify her. She pulled her robe tighter around
herself and strode forward, waving them away. If she could reach the armoury, she could go straight to the Star
Bridge by—
‘Astreia.’
Her head snapped up. She froze in place. Amongst the many keepers of the Anvil, his was not a voice she had
expected to hear.
‘Aventis. What are you doing here, Lord-Arcanum?’ she asked.
Aventis Firestrike tucked his helmet under his arm and gave her a wry smile.
‘It is a relief to see you too, sister.’
‘Listen, there isn’t much time,’ she began. ‘If you have time to be here, you have time to come with me and
lend your aid. I found a lead: in Ghyran, there’s a nest of—’
‘I won’t be going anywhere this time, I’m afraid,’ he said.
‘Well, I’m sure even alone, I can get back down there. I—’
‘Neither of us will.’
There was a sudden silence. Astreia finally looked around at the marbled halls of the Sigmarabulum. Dozens
of Sacrosanct mages stared back, staves gleaming at their sides.
No longer was the Anvil watched by the skeleton crew they had left behind.
‘We’ve been recalled,’ she breathed. ‘No. We can’t be recalled. I’ve found the answer, Aventis. I’m sure I have.’
She turned a taut face full of panic to her old friend. Her voice grew steadily louder. ‘I only need a bit longer! I
can’
‘
t
W
st
e
o
h
p
a
n
v
o
e
w
sp
!’
ent so much time away from our true duty, Astreia,’ Aventis replied. His voice was pleading now.
‘
c
I
h
t
a
is
s e
n
a
o
f
t
t
m
er
y
a
j o
cu
b
r
t
e
o
,
h
n
o
o
l
t
d
a n
H
y
a
m
m
o
m
r
e
e
r
.
h
S
a
ig
l
m
to
a
g
r
e
h
th
a
e
s
r
r
,
e
a
a
s
l i
m
se
u
d
c h
th
a
e
s
i
m
ne
y
v
b
it
l
a
o
b
o
l
d
e .
y
T
e
h
ar
is
n
–
s f
t
o
h
r
e
h
fl
o
a
m
w
e
–
. A
ca
n
n
d
n
it
o
i
l
s
o
n
n
o
g
t
e
y
r
o
b
u
e
r
s
j
t
o
o
b
p p
to
e d,
and we must do all we can for our brethren until it claims them.’
Astreia barged past him, catching him by surprise; he stumbled back as she stalked towards the door.
‘Astreia! You would defy Sigmar’s orders and let our kin continue to wear away?’
‘It’s not “inevitable”.’ She spat the word like a poison upon the tongue, even as treacherous tears beaded upon
her lashes. ‘And I will save our kin, with or without you.’
The duty of the Sacrosanct chambers is proving more who have returned to their posts with silent
vital than ever as the Hour of Ruin casts long shadows dedication acknowledge that saving more soldiers to
across the realms. Those lands now touched by Chaos win the war is worth the lost battles, the dead villages
warp and drain the life force of mortals who venture and fallen outposts.
too far into them, and even the golden-clad warriors
of Sigmar find themselves degrading in body and Yet such a cold sentiment has been fiercely rejected by
soul on the field of battle at an alarming rate. Many some. The Shimmersouls chamber, led by the resolute
slain warriors must be scoured of mutagenic taint Lord-Arcanum Astreia Solbright, still scours the
before they can be Reforged, and the Sacrosanct must Mortal Realms for a cure to forever purge the flaw in
work night and day to ensure the sanctity of their Reforging. It is no coincidence that the Shimmersouls
returned souls. have swelled in number, with some Sacrosanct
warriors even turning their backs on their parent
The Sacrosanct are still being sighted upon the chambers to continue the search. To admit that there
battlefield in the most darkly touched areas of the is no true cure would be to admit that decades of work
Lands Anathema, though such occurrences are has been in vain. Perhaps because of his own guttering
growing rarer. Daemon outbreaks must yet be hope, Sigmar makes no move to stop them.
curbed, and the storm-mages’ soul lanterns are
vital in drawing the fell creatures away from mortal Rumours of the Sacrosanct’s departure have already
settlements. Yet never do they remain longer than spread into the free cities. The seat of Aventis
necessary, always returning to fulfil their primary Firestrike, Magister of Hammerhal, has sat empty
duties to their brethren. In such a viciously fought since the Hour of Ruin first tolled. Only Lord-
war, where hundreds of strongpoints are overrun and Commander Bastian Carthalos is seen in command
the wilderness is choked by the Horned Rat’s greedy of that metropolis, overseeing the gleaming ranks of
claws, Sigmar cannot afford to be anything less than Stormcasts that march out from Hammerhal’s gates
pragmatic and efficient in his rule. Those Sacrosanct day after day.
4

--- Page 7 ---
THE FALL OF HEROES
Throughout Sigmar’s many battles and the turbulence brought about by the Era of the Beast, those Stormcasts
who had fought on the front lines since the Realmgate Wars found themselves exhausted. No bodily fatigue was
this but one of the soul, wearing them down until their very humanity began to suffer.
Centuries have passed since Sigmar’s Tempest broke. styles, killing strokes, hand signals, orders and training
That first clash for Aqshy’s Brimstone Peninsula was drills. Despite the frantic searching of the Sacrosanct
cataclysmic in scale, blood staining the lands red. chambers and Sigmar’s own investigations, no one can
Thereafter, the battlefield would forever be littered with truly say what causes this slow supplanting of memory.
countless splintered skulls. Yet even this was to be but a This was no corruption – if anything, the affected
footnote in the lives of those first Stormcast Eternals. warriors found it ever easier to resist dark temptations or
destructive bloodlust, their souls blindingly bright after
The enemies of Sigmar’s followers are as numerous as decades of tempering upon the Anvil of Apotheosis.
the stars, and in the vastness of the Mortal Realms,
the Stormcasts are always spread thin. As soon as When Ionus Cryptborn began building the Bleak
the curtain falls upon one theatre of battle, there is Citadels, Sigmar tasked him with shepherding the souls
inevitably more peril, bloodshed and desperation that were losing sight of themselves. Ionus himself had
waiting in the wings. Not only are the Stormcasts stood upon the Brimstone Peninsula all those years
beacons of hope for the God-King’s disparate peoples, ago. Many of those he beckoned into the darkness were
they were created to be living weapons in his wars. None former comrades, respected fellow leaders and those
understand this better than those fabled veterans that he had once known in their prime. Yet, for each soldier
marched into the fray in Aqshy and have never stopped spirited to the Ruination chambers, there was another
fighting since. Some have lost count of the amount that still stood tall amongst their brethren. Though their
of times they have been Reforged, sent back from the numbers were diminished, such veterans continued to
heavens, fought, died, and been Reforged once more. bring their experience and power to the fore, buoying
the spirits of their comrades.
It was only a matter of time before the soul-eroding
flaw in Reforging made itself known. Some first saw In order to boost morale during the Mortal Realms’
it in their bodies. Azyrite history has recorded Lord- darkest time, Ionus commanded many of his fellows
Castellants with eyes that crackled with lightning, a from the Realmgate Wars, spreading them throughout
Knight-Zephyros whose sprints into battle echoed with the rest of the troops to stiffen the line. Many such
thunderclaps, Judicators that could always hear the continuing veterans have found themselves assigned
rushing of the wind, and many more besides. It was as if to different parts of their conclaves in order to be fitted
the tempest itself was interwoven with their flesh. with thunderstrike armour, giving them a better chance
to survive against the ever-present Cursed Skies. The
With each hammer strike upon the anvil, these warriors corruption that taints certain parts of the realms still
would only become more removed from humanity. crackles with the gheists of former allies long gone.
Those elements chipped off as they lived and died were Judicators have been inducted into Vigilor detachments,
replaced with scouring lightning, cold judgement and and old heroes have found themselves appointed Lord-
undiluted power. Memories fell away like rain from the Celestants and assigned their own chambers, amongst
clouds. Only those endless battles remained: combat many other examples.
Warden of the Lost,
Ionus, old friend, I am at a true loss for what to do. It is my hope that you may guide me in this matter as you have done
so many times before. Do you remember, all those years ago, when I fought under your command at the Brimstone
Beachhead? I was but a Lord-Castellant then, as was Thaniel Galthan. Galthan and I remained together after the
Hammerhands were sent elsewhere, aiding expeditions heading out of Hammerhal Aqsha. Galthan was always a
shining presence that befitted his title. He fearlessly guided both Stormcast and mortal through the darkest of places.
Should you visit the libraries of the Perspicarium, you can read accounts of his heroism and many victories.
He does not deserve the fate that is to befall him. We can all see it: rarely, now, does he smile; he puts himself forward
only for the most ferocious of fights; he can no longer temper his sword-hand in the face of foes, even when strategy
may call for a more subtle approach. Most worryingly, Galthan rarely removes his helmet these days – yet I always
h co e n a t r a c c r t a in ck g l i y n o g u c f o o m r a in s g lo f n r g o m as u p n o d ss e i r b n le e . a Y th e t i t G , a a s lt i h f a h n e i i s s m los o i r n e g s t h o i r m m s e t l h f a , f n a m ste a r n b w y i t t h h e i n d . a I y m . L u o s n t g co g n o f n es e s i t s h t a h t a I t b h e a a v t e i n d g el h a e y a e r d t of
our detachment. I beg you to aid me before any more of him is taken from us.
Lord-Celestant Carys Goldenhorn
6

--- Page 9 ---
AVENTIS FIRESTRIKE
Famed for his caustic wit as much as the blazing fury of his magics, Aventis Firestrike
is the inferno that spreads in the aftermath of the lightning. Many believe that
Aqshy’s own wrath smoulders within the Lord-Arcanum – and they are right. Once,
Aventis was Avante Fireson of the Agloraxi. This society of magi
dwelt in floating towers above the Flamescar Plateau; it is said
that they offended Khorne so greatly by repelling his legions
that the Blood God took up his own blade against them, carving
through reality to near obliterate the Agloraxi in one fell swoop.
In the aftermath, Avante and his surviving kin set to harrying
the Bloodbound of Khul’s Ravage, matching sorcery and scheme
against cunning and bloodlust. It was a conflict Avante was
ultimately to lose. But with his people slaughtered and their
citadels afire, he would not pass gently into history. Overcome
with fury, Avante consumed a sphere of raw aqthracite realmstone
known as the Everburning Coal, transmuting himself into a being
of pure flame. So devastating was his rampage that Sigmar himself
claimed the warrior before he burnt away to nothing, Reforging him
as a potent Lord-Arcanum.
Since that day, Aventis has known pain. The Everburning Coal rages at his
core even as it fuels his spellcraft. Yet for all his passions, he remains pure
enough to have forged a close friendship with the Tauralon Loithar and
her offspring. Aventis led more than a hundred incursions into the ruins of
his old home to prevent Agloraxian treasures from falling into the wrong
hands. Such was his valour that the God-King named him Magister
of Hammerhal, the highest-ranking Stormcast representative to
the Grand Conclave and Sigmar’s voice in the city’s affairs. It
was a position that never failed to keep the fires of frustration
simmering in his gut.
ASTREIA SOLBRIGHT
Known as the Lady Arcane, Astreia Solbright is Lord-Arcanum to the Shimmersouls, foremost
Sacrosanct chamber of the Hammers of Sigmar. Surrounded by a crackling halo of storm-magic that
causes her flaxen locks to stand on end, eyes alight with a celestial glow, Astreia is the very image
of a Stormcast mage-lord. Despite her appearance, she is a serene soul by nature, favouring
circumspection over grand and loquacious speeches. In battle, however, none can dispute
her might. With but a gesture, Astreia summons blasts of annihilating lightning while the
talons of her loyal Dracoline, Kazra, tear through the ranks of lesser warriors.
Astreia’s sorcery stems from a mix of Azyrite and Hyshian schools. Once, she was a
Supplicant of the Great Lens, spending her life within the Pillar of Truths, a colossal
crystalline tower that spears from the lands of Xintil and houses the prismatic device.
Astreia toiled tirelessly to become a lens magus and wield the power of the Great Lens to
scour mutant drakes from the sky. It was these acts that saw her elevated to the ranks of
the Stormcasts and that guided her chamber in its mission to halt the Reforging flaw.
Astreia well appreciates the power of magnification and reflection. She is relentless
in tracking those entities held to be immortal; by slaying them and studying the
process by which they reform, she seeks those who increase in might after passing
through the prism of death. Foremost amongst these are the Soulblight vampires.
From the Red Brides of van Kiarthus to the Unliving Monks of Dhostos Varne, many
have met their end at Astreia’s aetherstave. Yet still she has found no creature
that becomes truly stronger after each demise – at least, no creature save Nagash
himself. Even so, Astreia refuses to relent in her quest.
8

--- Page 10 ---
LORD-ARCANUM
When the Sacrosanct chambers march to war, it is has been known to attract the wise beasts of the heavens;
with the Lord-Arcanum at their head. Drawn from Dracolines and Gryph-chargers are amongst the more
the thaumaturge rulers of sorcerer-kingdoms, they common mounts chosen by a Lord-Arcanum, but the
are masters of the magical arts. With a few incanted most powerful are able to form a pact with the celestial
syllables, they can unleash arcane lightning infused Tauralons, winged beasts that dwell amidst the stellar
with the power of the Prime Electrids – offshoots of the heights of Azyr and whose path is marked by glittering
legendary Great Bolts – or even capture a Stormcast trails of cosmic magic.
soul upon death, rebinding it into mortal form so
they may fight on. It was the Lord-Arcanums who
grappled with the imperative of finding a cure for the
flaw in Reforging, a task that saw them walk in dark
places indeed.
Furthermore, Lord-Arcanums are adept at
binding the lingering magics of the Arcanum
Optimar, be it as the aetheric cyclones known
as Celestian Vortexes or by calling down huge
Everblaze Comets that pulsate with Azyrite
energies. So impressive is their spellcraft that it
9

--- Page 11 ---
CORPUSCANT CONCLAVES
Amongst the Sacrosanct hosts, the Corpuscant conclaves To carry the storm within one’s soul is no meagre
fulfil much the same role as Paladins – small bands of burden; if not bound through rigorous mental
veteran warriors whose unique abilities allow them to discipline, such power may spark and discharge without
contend with the greatest threats an enemy has to offer. warning. The results of such unintentional unleashings
These conclaves are typified by the battlemages known can prove disastrous, especially if they occur in
as Evocators. Though they are undoubtedly fearsome proximity to mortals not imbued with Sigmar’s storm.
fighters, capable of wielding both blade and arcane stave Evocator retinues are typically cloistered orders, granted
simultaneously and to deadly effect, it is not martial their own halls within a Stormkeep and distant from
capability alone that will see a Stormcast join their even their fellows until the call to battle is given. On the
number. For the mystical warriors of the Sacrosanct, field of war, the Evocators are given free rein to unleash
nothing is ever so straightforward. their potential. To approach an Evocator is to risk
annihilation, and legends abound of isolated retinues
Each Evocator is a living conduit of the tempest. triumphing over hordes that outnumbered them five or
Wherever they travel, these champions feel lightning more to one.
crackle along their flesh. Motes of celestial magic are
drawn to them like Aridian tallowflies to a naked When Evocators must take to the field mounted, they
lantern until their eyes flash with a storm’s rage and turn to the Azyrite predators known as Dracolines. Not
their veins glow bright cerulean. Unlike more aggressive only do these half-saurian, half-feline creatures possess
mages, Evocators are trained to use this power to an ear-splitting roar, their habit of sharpening their
bolster their fellow Stormcasts in battle. As the mages claws on shards of the heavenly realmstone known as
chant, focusing the arcane potential that suffuses them, celestium ensures that the tempest’s rage crackles within
the weapons of the host begin to glow with Azyrite them too. Many Dracolines and Evocators thus consider
energies, echoing like thunderclaps and burning foes one another to be close allies committed to the same
to cinder where they strike. So mighty are these spells fight. When phalanxes of these beasts and their riders
that many Lord-Celestants and Lord-Imperatants have pounce, the enemy is soon scoured from existence in a
requisitioned Evocator retinues to join armies that wave of purifying lightning.
otherwise lack a Sacrosanct presence, for one can never
tell when their magical aid will prove crucial.
10

--- Page 12 ---
ORDINATOS CONCLAVES
The war machines of the Ordinatos conclaves were originally designed to watch over the Anvil of Apotheosis.
Though Azyr had been apparently secured from invasion, the Sacrosanct chambers took their duties of guardianship
seriously and sought to prepare for any eventuality. It was not long before the sacred halls and colonnades that
surrounded Sigmar’s inner sanctums were lined with artillery positions that could both guard against outside attack
and also swivel full-circle with ease, so that their fire could be turned upon any aetheric monstrosity that burst from
the Anvil itself. When the Sacrosanct were sent to war, the most man-portable of their war engines travelled with
them. Many a Sigmarite strongpoint has been protected by a battery of such heavy-duty weapons, carefully aligned
by the Lord-Ordinators to bolster the settlement’s defences against the arcane.
Celestar Ballistas are the most commonly
seen Ordinatos conclave technology.
Though compact enough to need only two
Sacristan Engineers as crew, one should
never confuse their small size for a lack of
punch. Even without mystical enhancement,
the sigmarite projectiles they fire are
capable of hamstringing a Mega-Gargant.
Such is not enough for the mage-engineers
of the Sacristan order, however. Atop the
highest spires of the Sigmarabulum, these
studious souls lift rune-etched bolts into
the thunderous clouds until they glow with
Azyrite potential. The Sacristans must wear
thick forge-gauntlets to prevent the enchanted
metal from touching their skin, else their
hands may be burnt to ash or they may receive
blistering star-visions that wrench their minds
from reality. Nevertheless, the result is well
worth it: the blessed ammunition of a Celestar
Ballista induces eruptions of power and chain-
lightning bursts that reduce the enemy to
charred husks.
LORD-ORDINATOR
Celestial craftsman and arcane engineers, the genius
of the Lord-Ordinators underpins much of Sigmar’s
gains within the realms. Theirs is the task of designing
future utopias, ascertaining the dangers facing mortal
folk and devising solutions to overcome them. Working
alongside the Lord-Castellants, the Ordinators helped
to design many of the strongpoints of the Dawnbringer
Crusades, their knowledge of metaphysical engineering
and the patterns of the heavens allowing them to sew
the magics of Azyr into each line of defence. Their keen
eye goes beyond the mere present; they are prophets and
builders both, using the interplay of the celestial bodies
as the raw basis of grand divinatory calculations. On the
battlefield, a Lord-Ordinator’s prescience is turned to
the business of destruction. Their precise minds are well
suited to commanding artillery battalions, particularly
the Ordinatos conclaves of their own hosts. Should a
foe dare too close, the Lord-Ordinators will heft their
hammers before striding forth, each blow meticulously
angled to reduce the enemies to ruin.
LET
THE
STORM
JUDGE
THEIR
FLESH
11

--- Page 13 ---
CASTIGATORS
Wielding colossal thunderhead greatbows and clad in
the robes of the Sacrosanct chambers, Castigators are the
most arcane Justicar conclave warriors yet seen amongst
the ranks of Sigmar’s chosen. Deployed in small retinues
to lend their aid wherever it is needed, they are highly
valued by their Lord-Arcanum commanders as a foil to
the aetheric foes they are often called upon to face. After
all, a bolt of iron or steel will likely pass straight through
such an apparition, while the mystic projectiles of the
Castigators can visit ruin upon even the ethereal dead.
These projectiles are more akin to spiked maces than
bolts, their banded heads filled with Azyrite energies.
In solemn ritual, Castigators lay their ammunition
before a Stardrake in a twelve-pointed arrangement,
bowing as the draconic beasts bathe the bolts in clouds
of holy storm-breath. In doing so, they mirror the
moment when Dracothion first breathed life back into
Sigmar’s battered form – symbolism is a potent weapon
when one’s foes are creatures of soul more than flesh.
Castigators then unleash these projectiles to ravage
their enemies in explosions of devastating Azyrite
energy, channelling their own sorcerous potential in the
process to enhance the accuracy or killing potential of
their shots.
KNIGHT-INCANTOR
Officers of the Sacrosanct chambers, the Knight-
Incantors are formidable soul-mages and summoners
of heavenly wrath. Renowned for the power of their
stentorian voices, a Knight-Incantor can conjure a storm
of chain lightning or loose bolts of glowing brilliance
with a single resounding cry. When attending the Anvil
of Apotheosis, the Knight-Incantors sing the music
of the heavenly spheres, soothing the souls of their
brethren as they undergo the agonies of Reforging. It is
this same manner of attracting and reshaping arcane
motes that the Incantors employ in battle, albeit for the
purposes of destruction rather than rehabilitation.
Though most famed for the strength of their boomed
invocations, the Knight-Incantors are as adept at
dispelling hostile magic as they are at casting their
own. The scrolls that hang from their holy panoply are
no mere affectations; each is suffused in chilling void
magic, able to project a smothering blanket of null-force
that can utterly quell enemy sorceries. This served the
Knight-Incantors well when, in their quest to discover
a solution to the Reforging flaw, they had to travel into
areas of utmost arcane peril.
12

--- Page 14 ---
LORD-EXORCIST
The Lord-Exorcists thrive when battling daemons and spirits. Members of the Sacrosanct
chambers, they are few in number, but even the great lords of the undead have learnt to be
wary of them. Where as mortals they once performed grand rites of banishment, the Lord-
Exorcists have now been filled with the purifying light of Order. They are dour folk
and are not given to companionship or camaraderie, for they are used to seeing the
secret evils of men’s souls. Even so, they are widely respected by their brethren, as
through their arts, wicked forces without number have been thwarted. As well as
using their magics to cast out their foes, Lord-Exorcists are entrusted with ceremonial
staffs wrought in the Temple of Ages. These redemption staves are crowned by caches
lined with celestium slates; should a Lord-Exorcist chance upon a soul they believe
could be saved, they will use their spellcraft to rip that spirit from its moorings and draw
its ectoplasmic wisps into the strange scales atop these staves. Should the scales weigh
favourably, the soul will be taken to High Azyr, the first stage of its redemption begun.
Few prove worthy. Still, the Lord-Exorcists never abandon their faith, for to save even
one spirit serves to lessen the burden of their relentless fight.
LORD-CASTELLANT
To the Lord-Castellants, defence is the greatest form of attack. Where
these champions make their stand, the line does not buckle; they are as
the unmoving bulwark, leading through stern command and unflinching
example. With long-shafted halberds, they carve open the armoured
linebreakers of the enemy, while the light from their warding lanterns – sacred relics
for which a Lord-Castellant would sooner endure a dozen Reforgings than lose –
bathes fellow Stormcasts in its lambent glow, restoring sigmarite plate and storm-
kissed flesh alike. This same light is utterly anathema to the forces of Chaos, for where
it falls, tainted hides are roasted and eyes turned into molten slurry.
It is the Lord-Castellants who oversee the construction of the Stormkeeps. From the
fortress-chapels of the Hallowed Knights to the brooding halls of the Sons of Mallus,
all have been influenced by the keen mind of a Lord-Castellant. Many Lord-Castellants
walk these hallowed halls accompanied by a Gryph-hound. Not only is the bond between
demigod and beast close, but these creatures make for excellent guards, their piercing
shrieks an unmissable warning of danger or intruders.
KNIGHT-HERALDOR
Knight-Heraldors are the anchor around which a Stormcast battleline is formed. Broad-
shouldered and redoubtable heroes all, they relish seemingly hopeless battles and
insurmountable odds. Other Stormcasts take heart from the presence of a Knight-
Heraldor, both because of the bellicose battle joy they display and the enchanted war-
horns they bear. The deafening peals released from these gleaming treasures can echo
even over the roar of a orruk Waaagh!. The magic of the horns affects the perception
of the hearer; while fellow Stormcasts hear crisp clarion calls, the forces of misrule
are subjected to terrifying cacophonies that see souls shrivel and sword arms quake. It
is when the order to advance upon a fortified enemy position is given, however, that
a Knight-Heraldor truly comes into their own. Drawing on their own potent spirit,
they channel their fury through great blares of their battle-horn – sonic assaults
that roll across the field like a weatherfront and see the ground shatter and crack.
Foes cry out in terror as their strongholds crumble around them, the thunderous fanfare
of a Knight-Heraldor reducing their proudest battlements to rubble.
13

--- Page 15 ---
GAVRIEL SUREHEART
Gavriel was born to mortal chattel in the Khornate
citadel of Ratspike. Known only as Grub, his existence
was a grim one; as a boy, he was tasked with collecting
buckets of blood from the troughs of Ratspike’s
slaughter-pits and pouring them into the fortress
walls so the gore flowed from the mouths of daemonic
gargoyles. Yet even this could not break his spirit.
Thrust into the arena upon coming of age, armed with
only the sharpened handle of his mop, Grub’s valour
saw him best gladiators twice his size. For a decade, he
had secretly and gruellingly trained himself, waiting for
the day retribution would be his. In time, other slaves
flocked to his side, their beaten souls invigorated by his
warrior spirit. Grub proved a revelation in the arena.
Within a month, his spear had pierced the throat of
Ratspike’s warlord-king, and Grub stood at the head
of an armed rebellion that saw the fortress toppled.
Even as his followers were run down by vengeful
Khornates in the aftermath, Grub was taken up to the
heavens and remade, where his exceptional prowess in
the Gladitorium saw him swiftly elevated to the rank
of Lord-Celestant.
For decades, Gavriel led his chamber, the Proudhearted,
in the war to liberate the peoples of the Mortal Realms
from Chaos oppression. Many hailed him as a hero of
the highest order. Tragedy eventually befell the Lord-
Celestant when he met his end at the edge of Korghos Khul’s reality-cleaving axe – but not before Gavriel thrust
a broken blade through the Khornate lord’s neck, in a grim echo of his previous life in the fighting pits. Vandus
Hammerhand believes himself responsible for the death of Gavriel, his single-minded enmity for Khul having been
the main driving force that led to the fateful encounter. Already a tormented soul, Vandus’s precarious condition due
to the flaw in the Reforging process has only been plunged into further turmoil by these events.
14

--- Page 16 ---
KNIGHT-VENATOR
Soaring upon wings of celestial starfire, the Knight-
Venators are sublime archers and amongst the swiftest
of their brethren. When they take to the field, it is to
rain death from afar, loosing projectiles of condensed
Azyrite magic faster than mortal eyes can track. Though
ranked as officers of the Vanguard Auxiliary chambers,
Knight-Venators are called upon whenever a keen eye
and killing arrow is necessary. Their ammunition is as
sacred as the realmhunter bows they wield, fashioned
by the Six Smiths so that it returns to the Stormcast’s
quiver almost as soon as it strikes an enemy. One such
artefact takes many hours to reform: the fabled star-
fated arrow, a weapon attuned to the eddies of fortune
itself and capable of slaying even the greatest warlords in
a single shot.
To aid in their hunts, Knight-Venators are accompanied
by majestic Star-eagles. These celestial raptors dwell
near the broken core of Mallus and are able to transmute
their bodies into burning spears of force; they lance
through the foe with such power it is as if they have been
felled by a shooting star.
KNIGHT-ZEPHYROS
Many warriors claim to be ‘as swift as the wind’, but for
a Knight-Zephyros, this is literally the case. With but a
thought, these warriors turn themselves to shimmering
vapour and traverse the winds aetheric, streaking along
currents of raw magic before materialising amidst their
enemies and setting about their bloody work. With
the exception of the legendary Neave Blacktalon, this
gift is no natural construct but instead stems from the
God-King’s own past. When Sigmar broke the godbeast
Ulfdengnarl, the Great Wolf of the Howling Winds, he
trapped its braying cry in a crystal shard. It was this
power that he later used in the forging of each Knight-
Zephyros, bestowing Ulfdengnarl’s chilling swiftness
and predatory certainty upon them.
Armed with tempest axes and a stormshot pistol, these
Stormcasts serve as the assassins of the Vanguard
Auxiliary chambers. Each is assigned a singular target
and charged with running them to the ground. With
a ruthless determination, they will fight alongside
their brethren until an opportunity arises to make
the ordained kill. Then will a Knight-Zephyros strike,
setting upon the foe in a maelstrom of blows. Even
before their slaughtered target has hit the ground, the
Zephyros is already moving, their fellow heavenly
rangers capitalising on the panic they spread.
15

--- Page 17 ---
SEQUITORS JUDICATORS
Clad in voluminous robes and carrying arcane tools, The Warrior chambers were designed to excel in all
the Sequitors – dauntless infantry of the Sacrosanct areas of combat, formations that could be hurled into
chambers – cut a strange image amongst the serried battle, shatter the ruling tyrants of Chaos and achieve
ranks of the Redeemers. They are, however, just as the God-King’s objectives with little direct oversight.
capable in the arts of war as any of their brethren. It is unsurprising, therefore, that these combined-arms
hosts should include many retinues of Justicar conclave
warriors. Most commonplace are the Judicators.
Drawing up in close-set ranks behind the protective
shields of their Redeemer brethren, it is the Judicators’
task to deliver swift and clinical death to the many
foes of the Stormhost. A single nod from their Prime
is enough to see a retinue of Judicators loose a volley of
crackling arrows or flurry of crossbow bolts wreathed in
potent Azyrite energies. Where these projectiles impact,
they explode into chains of sparking ball-lightning.
In so doing, the Judicators tear the heart from enemy
hordes or reduce the flesh of monsters to a blackened
As the least senior Sacrosanct Stormcasts, Sequitors do and scarred ruin.
not yet consider themselves true storm-mages. Rather,
their supernatural powers are channelled through their Of all the Justicar warriors, it is the Judicators who can
wargear. Through rigorous mental discipline, a Sequitor most keenly sense corruption. More than one parley
may aetherically empower their soulshields to endure between the Stormcasts and their would-be allies has
any blow or they may charge their weapons with such ended in a storm of sudden arrow fire as the Judicators
magical force that they can shatter even hellforged have detected some form of deception. When faced with
armour into scrap. The sorceries wielded by these the forces of Chaos, their favoured prey, they relish the
retinues are particularly inimical to the daemonic and opportunity to unleash their heaviest-duty weapons:
the dead, and a single blow from a Sequitor’s stormsmite shockbolt bows and thunderbolt crossbows that
greatmace – amongst the most potent of their tools of annihilate foes in blasts of celestial energy.
war – can banish a throng of such creatures in a blast of
celestial energy.
Sequitor-Primes are entrusted with all manner of arcane
devices, the better to aid in the Sacrosanct chamber’s
mission as soul guardians. From aetheroscopes that
track surges of magic to talismans of warding and
redemption caches, they are walking repositories of
Azyrite treasures.
16

--- Page 18 ---
HAMMER OF THE
PALADINS
Three breeds of warrior have traditionally represented
the Paladin conclaves. Arguably most iconic are the
Retributors. Armed with colossal lightning hammers
that crackle with the storm’s wrath, it is they who most
closely evoke Sigmar’s warrior image. That which they
strike, be it foe or fortress wall, is reduced to pulp
and rubble, but such is not to say that the Retributors
are crude brutes. Precision and patience are their
watchwords, for when their weighty hammers are
swung, it must be at exactly the right moment to cause
the most damage.
Protectors are chosen for both their skill at arms
and their awareness under pressure. Their retinues
train together tirelessly, each warrior learning to
predict the others’ movements as they wield their
long stormstrike glaives. When swung through the
air in unison, the enchanted blades of these weapons
conjure barriers of protective force that can ward entire
swathes of a Stormcast line. That which defends can
also be used to attack, however, and Protectors excel
in using their piercing polearms to spear the guts of
rampaging monsters.
Most dreaded are the Decimators. Though they take to
battle as a single retinue, each of these warriors fights
virtually alone, for their crackling thunderaxes are
most effective when swung in wide and punishing arcs.
Entire ranks of enemy infantry are scythed down by
these grim harvesters or else blasted apart by starsoul
maces – common to all varieties of Paladin, this weapon
is capable of unleashing celestial energies that can blast a
soul out of synchronicity with its mortal shell, slaying as
surely as any blade.

--- Page 21 ---
BATTLETOME SUPPLEMENT
STORMCAST
ETERNALS
Every Citadel Miniature is a unique piece of the ever-evolving narrative of
Warhammer. It is, then, an unfortunate truth that we can’t continue to sell
and support every model we’ve ever made indefinitely. As we make new
models, and new books to explore their background and rules, we have to stop
producing and featuring some older models. But just like many of you, we still
treasure our collections of older Citadel Miniatures, and we still want to be
able to use them in games and forge glorious narratives on the tabletop!
Currently, the rules in this battletome supplement are still legal for use
in competitive play. However, on 1st June 2025, these rules will move over
to Warhammer Legends. This means that they will no longer be legal for
competitive play. When that time comes, we encourage you to continue to use
your collection for casual play, and we will continue to support this battletome
supplement with rules updates as needed throughout the current edition
of Warhammer Age of Sigmar. The battle formation and warscrolls in this
battletome supplement are part of the Stormcast Eternals faction.
Rules updated as of September 2024.
BATTLE FORMATION
You can pick the following battle formation for a Stormcast Eternals army
instead of picking one from the Stormcast Eternals faction rules.
SACROSANCT CONVOCATION
Once Per Turn (Army), End of Your Turn
CYCLE OF THE STORM: Masters of the Reforging process, the most
experienced members of the Sacrosanct chambers can focus their power
to restore mortally wounded comrades before they are called back to
Azyr, allowing them to continue the fight at hand.
Declare: Pick a friendly Sacrosanct Chamber unit that had
models slain in this turn to be the target.
Effect: Return 1 slain model to the target unit.

--- Page 22 ---
• STORMCAST ETERNALS WARSCROLL • • STORMCAST ETERNALS WARSCROLL •
AVENTIS FIRESTRIKE
ASTREIA SOLBRIGHT
MAGISTER OF HAMMERHAL
MOVE MOVE
14" 10" Lord-Arcanum Solbright of the Shimmersouls
H Aventis Firestrike, Magister of Hammerhal, is a mage H chamber wields the magics of the storm with
T S T S
L12 3+A with a heart of flame. In battle, he is a formidable L 8 3+A remarkable proficiency. Mounted atop the
A E E V force, channelling the energies of Azyr and Aqshy A E E V Dracoline Kazra, she crackles with static charge,
H both as he soars atop the Tauralon Loithar. H blasting enemies to cinders while leaving her
5 2 allies unscathed.
CONTROL CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Astreia’s Aetherstave
Staff of Hammerhal 4 3+ 3+ 2 2 4 3+ 3+ 1 2
Crit (Mortal)
Loithar’s Stamping Hooves Kazra’s Monstrous Claws
3 4+ 3+ 1 D3 3 3+ 3+ 1 2
Companion Companion
Your Hero Phase 5
Your Hero Phase 6
LIGHTNING PULSE: With electricity pulsing from her eyes,
PYROELECTRIC BLAST: By combining the magic of Aqshy
Astreia gathers the power of Azyr into herself and then releases it as a
and Azyr, Aventis can channel a blast of power that can melt even
blinding, expanding dome of lightning.
solid stone.
Declare: Pick up to 3 enemy units in combat with this unit to be the
Declare: Pick a visible enemy unit within 12" of this unit to be
targets, then make a casting roll of 2D6.
the target.
Effect: If you picked 1 unit, inflict 3 mortal damage on the target.
Effect: Inflict 3 mortal damage on the target, then inflict 1 mortal
If you picked 2 units, inflict 2 mortal damage on each target. If you
damage on each other enemy unit within 3" of the target.
picked 3 units, inflict 1 mortal damage on each target.
Keywords Spell
Keywords Spell
Your Hero Phase
Your Charge Phase
THUNDERHEAD CROWN: Aventis’s helm taps into the Anvil of
THUNDEROUS POUNCE: After years of commanding Dracolines,
Apotheosis, renewing him even in the thick of battle.
Astreia’s orders can send an entire pack sprinting into battle without
Effect:Heal (3) this unit. hesitation, her own mount Kazra leading the charge.
Effect: Add 2 to charge rolls for friendly Sacrosanct Chamber
Once Per Turn (Army), Any Combat Phase Cavalry units while they are wholly within 12" of this unit.
COMET TRAIL: The flight of a Tauralon is accompanied by sparkling
Azyrite energies that serve as a beacon to keen-eyed Sigmarite warriors. Any Combat Phase
Declare: Pick an enemy unit in combat with this unit to be the target. SOUL ENERGY OF THE FIRST HOST: Astreia Solbright can
enhance the soul energy of nearby Sacrosanct warriors, allowing them
Effect: For the rest of the phase, add 1 to hit rolls for combat attacks to perform extraordinary deeds.
that target that enemy unit.
Declare: Pick a visible friendly Sacrosanct Chamber unit wholly
Keywords Rampage within 12" of this unit to be the target.
Effect: Add 1 to wound rolls for the target’s attacks for the rest of
the turn.
Unique, Hero, Monster, Wizard (2), Fly Unique, Hero, Wizard (1), Cavalry
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Order, Stormcast Eternals, Order, Stormcast Eternals,
Sacrosanct Chamber Sacrosanct Chamber
21

--- Page 23 ---
• STORMCAST ETERNALS WARSCROLL • • STORMCAST ETERNALS WARSCROLL •
LORD-ARCANUM LORD-ARCANUM
ON TAURALON ON CELESTIAL DRACOLINE
MOVE MOVE
14" 10"
H Lord-Arcanums who ride Tauralons are masters H Lord-Arcanums who ride Dracolines favour
T S of the heavens. From their lofty vantage point, T S bombastic, aggressive magics above all. They are
A L12 3+A V they unleash a hurricane of Azyrite magics, while A L 8 3+A V often found hurling spears of scouring elemental
E E those who fight in their wake are invigorated by the E E force into the foe’s ranks while their bestial
H H
5 magical wake left by the great winged beast. 2 companion lopes forward to pounce.
CONTROL CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Aetherstave 4 3+ 3+ 1 2 Aetherstave 4 3+ 3+ 1 2
Tauralon’s Hooves Celestial Dracoline’s Claws
3 4+ 3+ 1 D3 3 3+ 3+ 1 2
Companion Companion
Passive Once Per Turn (Army), Any Charge Phase
TRAILS OF ASTRAL LIGHT: The aetheric glow that trails in a STORM WAVE: The Lord-Arcanum channels thunderous Azyrite
Tauralon’s wake guides the spells of nearby Stormcasts. force through allied cavalry just as they impact with the foe.
Effect: Add 1 to casting rolls for friendly Stormcast Eternals Declare: Pick a visible friendly Sacrosanct Chamber Cavalry
Wizards while they are wholly within 12" of this unit. unit that charged this phase and is wholly within 12" of this unit to be
the target.
Once Per Turn (Army), Enemy Hero Phase Effect: Inflict D3 mortal damage on each enemy unit in combat with
AETHERIC DEFLECTION: From their high perch, the Lord- the target.
Arcanum can locate enemy casters and turn the target’s spells back
upon them.
Any Combat Phase
Declare: Pick a visible enemy Wizard that used a Spell ability this PACK ALPHA: A Lord-Arcanum on Dracoline can urge their mount
phase and is within 30" of this unit to be the target. to issue a great roar to its loyal pack-mates, stoking their rage and
ferocity to untold heights.
Effect: Roll X+1 dice, where X is an amount equal to the target’s power
level. For each 2+, inflict 1 mortal damage on the target. Declare: If this unit is in combat, pick this unit and up to 1 other
visible friendly Sacrosanct Chamber Cavalry unit within its
combat range to be the targets.
Once Per Turn (Army), Any Combat Phase
STARLIGHT MANTLE: At a command from its rider, the Tauralon Effect: Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of the targets’ Companion
spreads its wings to shed celestial motes that settle upon nearby melee weapons for the rest of the turn.
Stormcasts, providing them with a lingering mantle of protective force.
Declare: If this unit is in combat, pick each visible friendly
Stormcast Eternals unit within its combat range to be the targets.
Effect: For the rest of the turn, the targets have Ward (5+) and this
unit has Strike-last.
Keywords Rampage
Hero, Monster, Wizard (1), Fly Hero, Wizard (1), Cavalry
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Order, Stormcast Eternals, Order, Stormcast Eternals,
Sacrosanct Chamber Sacrosanct Chamber
22

--- Page 24 ---
• STORMCAST ETERNALS WARSCROLL • • STORMCAST ETERNALS WARSCROLL •
LORD-ARCANUM
LORD-ARCANUM
ON GRYPH-CHARGER
MOVE MOVE
12" 5"
H It is not easy for a Lord-Arcanum to earn a H Lord-Arcanums are masters of the Sacrosanct
T S T S chambers. In battle, they unleash storms of celestial
A L E 8 3+ E A V G im ry p p o h ss - i c b h l a y r fl g e e e r t ’s m re o s u p n e t c , t e . n Th su o r s i e n w g h th o e s i u r c s c o e r e c d e r g i a e i s n c a a n n A L E 6 3+ E A V fo s r o c u e l o s r o e f m fa p l l l o en y s c t o r m an r g a e d e sp s i t r o i t t - h s e o i r r c b er o i d e i s e t s o , a re ll b o i w nd in t g h e
H be unleashed wherever they are most needed. H
2 2 them to fight on.
CONTROL CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Aetherstave 4 3+ 3+ 1 2 Aetherstave 4 3+ 3+ 1 2
Gryph-charger’s Razor Beak
3 4+ 3+ 1 1
Companion Passive
AETHERIC MANIPULATION: This wizard can manipulate the
Your Movement Phase aetheric energies of the realms, channelling them into powerful spells to
summon manifestations.
ON THE WINDS AETHERIC: Gryph-chargers can move faster
than the eye can follow along the winds aetheric. Effect: Add 1 to casting rolls for this unit when it uses a
Summon ability.
Effect: If this unit is not in combat, remove it from the battlefield
and set it up again on the battlefield more than 9" from all
enemy units. End of Any Turn
MAGICAL MENDING: A Lord-Arcanum can reknit structures
End of Any Turn formed from magic with their incantations, allowing them to repair
nearby arcane conjurations.
HEALING LIGHT: A Lord-Arcanum gathers aetheric energy
and uses it to revitalise the depleted life energies of nearby Declare: Pick a visible friendly Manifestation wholly within 12" of
Sacrosanct warriors. this unit to be the target.
Declare: Pick a visible friendly Sacrosanct Chamber unit that is Effect:Heal (D6) the target.
not in combat and is within 12" of this unit to be the target.
Effect: If the target is damaged, Heal (D6) the target. If the target is
not damaged, return a slain model to it.
Hero, Wizard (1), Cavalry Hero, Wizard (1), Infantry
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Order, Stormcast Eternals, Order, Stormcast Eternals,
Sacrosanct Chamber Sacrosanct Chamber
23

--- Page 25 ---
• STORMCAST ETERNALS WARSCROLL • • STORMCAST ETERNALS WARSCROLL •
EVOCATORS
EVOCATORS
ON CELESTIAL DRACOLINES
MOVE MOVE
10" 5"
H Dracolines are fearsome beasts of Azyr whose roars H Armed with sword and stave, Evocators are masterful
T S T S
L 5 3+A can unman even the staunchest foes. When their L 3 3+A warriors. Their true strength, however, lies in
A E E V savagery is allied with the magical prowess of an A E E V harnessing Azyr’s mystical energies to infuse their
H Evocator, the result is a force to be reckoned with. H allies with tempestuous strength.
2 2
CONTROL CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Evocator Weapons Evocator Weapons
3 3+ 3+ 1 1 3 3+ 3+ 1 1
Crit (Mortal) Crit (Mortal)
Celestial Dracoline’s Claws
3 3+ 3+ 1 2
Companion Passive
WARRIOR MAGES: Evocators are masters of the martial and
Passive the arcane.
WARRIOR MAGES: Evocators are masters of the martial and Effect: This unit can use Unbind abilities as if it had Wizard (1).
the arcane.
Effect: This unit can use Unbind abilities as if it had Wizard (1). Any Combat Phase
EMPOWER: Evocators can draw magic from the sky itself, charging
Passive those around them with Azyr’s fulminating lightning and empowering
weapons with thunderous energy.
DRACOLINE FURY: Predators by nature, Dracolines prefer to roam
and hunt rather than be held back in defence, ferociously tearing into Declare: If this unit is contesting an objective you control, pick a
those marked as prey. visible friendly non-Hero Stormcast Eternals Infantry unit
within 12" of this unit to be the target.
Effect: While this unit is contesting an objective you do not control, it
has Strike-first. Effect: Add 1 to wound rolls for the target’s combat attacks for the rest
of the turn.
Cavalry, Champion Infantry, Champion
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Order, Stormcast Eternals, Order, Stormcast Eternals,
Sacrosanct Chamber Sacrosanct Chamber
24

--- Page 26 ---
• STORMCAST ETERNALS WARSCROLL • • STORMCAST ETERNALS WARSCROLL •
LORD-EXORCIST KNIGHT-INCANTOR
MOVE MOVE
5" 5"
H The bane of the daemon and the gheist, the mystical H The Knight-Incantors are veteran mages of the
T S Lord-Exorcists hold great power over the cleansing T S Sacrosanct chambers. With their powerful voices,
A L 6 3+A V of soul-stuff. With their magics, they banish unclean A L 6 3+A V they summon furious tempests and howling gales to
E E entities while saving the spirits of any who may E E unleash against the foe, wielding potent artefacts to
H H
2 prove redeemable. 2 nullify enemy sorceries.
CONTROL CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Redemption Stave 3 3+ 3+ 1 2 Incantor’s Staff 3 3+ 3+ 1 2
Passive Passive
REDEMPTOR CASKET: Each redemption stave incorporates a AETHERIC DESTABILISATION: Expert summoners all, Knight-
casket for the containment of malicious spirits. Incantors can detect and disable similar spells cast by their enemies.
Effect: Models cannot be returned to enemy units within 12" of Effect: While they are within 30" of this unit, subtract 1 from casting
this unit. rolls for enemy units when they use Summon abilities.
Your Hero Phase Once Per Battle, Reaction: Opponent declared a Spell ability for a
Wizard within 30" of this unit
PURIFYING BLAST: Lord-Exorcists specialise in the dissolution of
fell rituals, disrupting them with the scouring light of Azyr. VOIDSTORM SCROLL: Each Knight-Incantor bears a scroll infused
with potent void magic.
Declare: Pick a visible enemy Priest within 18" of this unit to be
the target. Effect: The spell is unbound and its effect is not resolved.
Effect: Roll a dice. On a 2+: Keywords Unbind
• If the target has any ritual points, remove a number of ritual points
from it equal to the roll.
• If the target has no ritual points, inflict D3 mortal damage on it.
Hero, Wizard (1), Infantry Hero, Wizard (1), Infantry
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Order, Stormcast Eternals, Order, Stormcast Eternals,
Sacrosanct Chamber Sacrosanct Chamber
25

--- Page 27 ---
• STORMCAST ETERNALS WARSCROLL • • STORMCAST ETERNALS WARSCROLL •
KNIGHT-HERALDOR GAVRIEL SUREHEART
MOVE MOVE
5" 5"
H Thunderous notes resounding from their enchanted H Gavriel Sureheart is an unstoppable force of
T S battle-horn, a Knight-Heraldor is an immovable T S righteousness and liberation. The Lord-Celestant
A L 6 3+A V beacon of defiance. So powerful are the clarion blasts A L 6 3+A V is only satisfied when on the attack, relentlessly
E E they unleash that the resulting shockwave can topple E E leading from the front and cutting down his foes in a
H H
2 buildings, uproot trees and shatter monoliths. 2 whirlwind of blows.
CONTROL CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Starbound Blade
Sigmarite Broadsword 3 3+ 3+ 1 2 5 3+ 3+ 1 2
Crit (Mortal)
Passive Passive
CALL TO BATTLE: The enchanted battle horn of the Knight- SIGMARITE THUNDERSHIELD: When struck with sufficient
Heraldor can be heard in distant Azyr, summoning reinforcements from force, thundershields unleash stored storm energy to blast those
the storm itself. attempting to attack.
Effect: If a friendly Warrior Chamber unit wholly within 12" of Effect: Each time you make an unmodified save roll of 6 for a combat
this unit uses the ‘Rally’ command, you can make 3 additional rally attack that targets this unit, inflict 1 mortal damage on the attacking
rolls of D6. unit after the Fight ability has been resolved.
Your Shooting Phase Your Charge Phase
THUNDERBLAST: The strident peal of a battlehorn can summon ONCE MORE, FOR SIGMAR, CHARGE!: Gavriel’s unshakeable
a localised tempest above an enemy structure, hammering it with devotion to Sigmar sees his warriors charging straight into the front
repeated lightning strikes and fist-sized hailstones. lines, no matter the dangers before them.
Declare: Pick a visible faction terrain feature within 18" of this unit to Declare: Pick this unit and another visible friendly Warrior
be the target. Chamber unit within 3" of it to be the targets.
Effect: Roll a dice. On a 2+, inflict an amount of mortal damage on the Effect: For the rest of the phase, when making charge rolls for the
target equal to the roll. targets, add 1 to the number of dice rolled, then remove 1 dice of your
choice and use the remaining dice as the charge roll.
Hero, Infantry Unique, Hero, Infantry
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Order, Stormcast Eternals, Order, Stormcast Eternals,
Warrior Chamber Warrior Chamber
26

--- Page 28 ---
MOVE
• STORMCAST ETERNALS WARSCROLL •
5"
H
T S
L 6 3+A LORD-CASTELLANT
A V
E E
H
2
CONTROL MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Castellant’s Halberd
3 3+ 3+ 1 2
Crit (Auto-wound)
Masters of defensive warfare, Gryph-hound’s Beak
the Lord-Castellants oversee 4 4+ 4+ - 1
Companion
the fortification of Sigmar’s
empire. The mystical lanterns
they carry are empowered by Passive
celestial energies, bolstering
their wounded Stormcast DUTIFUL GRYPH-HOUND:
brethren even as they hurl back Each Lord-Castellant is
the tainted foe. accompanied by a Gryph-hound
trained to fight alongside them.
Effect: This unit’s Gryph-hound is
a token. If this unit’s Gryph-hound
has been removed, it can no longer
attack with its Gryph-hound’s
Beak and it cannot use the ‘Loyal
Companion’ ability.
Once Per Battle,
Any Combat Phase
LOYAL COMPANION: A Lord-
Castellant’s Gryph-hound will
protect its master to the bitter end.
Effect: For the rest of the turn,
this unit has Ward (4+). Remove
this unit’s Gryph-hound from the
battlefield at the end of the turn.
Your Hero Phase
WARDING LANTERN: Filled
with holy energies, a warding
lantern either imbues nearby
Stormcast Eternals with power or
burns their foes.
Declare: Pick an objective within
12" of this unit to be the target.
Effect: For the rest of the turn:
• Friendly Stormcast Eternals
units have Ward (6+) while they
are contesting the target.
• Ward rolls cannot be made
for enemy units while they are
contesting the target.
Hero, Infantry
KEYWORDS
Order, Stormcast Eternals, Warrior Chamber
2277

--- Page 29 ---
• STORMCAST ETERNALS WARSCROLL • • STORMCAST ETERNALS WARSCROLL •
KNIGHT-VENATOR KNIGHT-ZEPHYROS
MOVE MOVE
12" 7"
H Not even the mightiest adversaries can escape the H A Knight-Zephyros serves as one of Sigmar’s
T S vengeance of a Knight-Venator. Accompanied by T S assassins. Once a target is marked, they employ their
A L 6 3+A V their faithful Star-eagles, these winged hunters A L 6 3+A V god-wrought blessings to travel the winds aetheric
E E prowl the skies with incredible swiftness, loosing E E and run down their prey, eventually overcoming
H H
2 blessed arrows that unerringly seek their targets. 2 them in a flurry of lightning-swift violence.
CONTROL CONTROL
RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Realmhunter’s Bow Stormshot Pistol 12" 3 3+ 3+ - 1
Anti-Monster (+1 Rend), 24" 6 3+ 3+ 1 1 Anti-Hero (+1 Rend)
Crit (2 Hits) MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg Tempest Axes
Anti-Hero (+1 Rend), 6 3+ 3+ 1 1
Bowstave 3 3+ 3+ - 1
Crit (2 Hits)
Star-eagle’s Celestial Talons
2 4+ 3+ - 1
Companion Passive
VANGUARD CHAMBER: Through swiftness, guile and more than
Once Per Battle (Army), Your Shooting Phase a hint of savagery, the warriors of the Vanguard chamber are able to
outfight forces many times their own limited numbers.
STAR-FATED ARROW: Whispering the name of a powerful foe, the
Knight-Venator looses an arrow destined to end that enemy’s life. Effect: This unit can use Shoot and/or Charge abilities even if it
used a Run or Retreat ability in the same turn.
Declare: Pick a visible enemy unit within 24" of this unit to be
the target.
Once Per Turn (Army), Your Movement Phase
Effect: If the target is a non-Monster unit, inflict D6 mortal damage
on it. If the target is a Monster, inflict D6+3 mortal damage on it. TIRELESS HUNTER: This determined warrior never stops moving
in pursuit of their prey.
Keywords Core, Attack, Shoot
Effect: Remove this unit from the battlefield and set it up again on the
battlefield more than 9" from all enemy units.
Hero, Infantry, Fly Hero, Infantry
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Order, Stormcast Eternals, Order, Stormcast Eternals,
Warrior Chamber Vanguard Chamber
28

--- Page 30 ---
• STORMCAST ETERNALS WARSCROLL • • STORMCAST ETERNALS WARSCROLL •
LORD-ORDINATOR CELESTAR BALLISTA
MOVE MOVE
5" 3"
H Proficient in arcane engineering and the reading H Mobile artillery of the Ordinatos conclaves, Celestar
T S of portents, the Lord-Ordinators are a potent T S Ballistas are weapons of terrible power. Their
A L 6 3+A V force. Such traits make them excellent artillery A L 6 3+A V Sacristan operators are skilled combat engineers,
E H E commanders, and they expertly direct the war E H E and the sigmarite bolts these weapons spit forth
2 machinery of their allies to annihilate their foes. 2 explode with the force of the thunderbolt.
CONTROL CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Astral Weapons 3 3+ 3+ 1 2 Celestar Stormbolts
Crit (Auto-wound) Anti-Monster (+1 Rend), 18" D6+6 4+ 2+ 1 1
Crit (2 Hits)
Once Per Turn (Army), Any Shooting Phase MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
ARCANE ENGINEER: A Lord-Ordinator is a scryer of possibilities. Sacristan Engineers’ 2 3+ 3+ 1 1
Those under their command gain insights into the movements of Blades
the enemy.
This unit’s Sacristan Engineers are tokens.
Declare: Pick a visible friendly Sacrosanct Chamber War
Machine wholly within 12" of this unit to be the target.
Once Per Battle (Army), Any Combat Phase
Effect: The target’s attacks score critical hits on unmodified hit rolls of STORMBOLT TEMPEST: Should a foe charge their position,
4+ for the rest of the phase. Sacristan Engineers can loose a quick-fire volley at close range.
Declare: Pick an enemy unit in combat with this unit and that
charged this turn to be the target.
Effect: Roll a dice. On a 2+, inflict an amount of mortal damage on the
target equal to the roll.
Hero, Infantry War Machine
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Order, Stormcast Eternals, Order, Stormcast Eternals,
Sacrosanct Chamber Sacrosanct Chamber
2299

--- Page 31 ---
• STORMCAST ETERNALS WARSCROLL • • STORMCAST ETERNALS WARSCROLL •
CASTIGATORS SEQUITORS
MOVE MOVE
5" 5"
H When beings born of the aether rear their heads, it H Arcane mystery clings to the Sequitors, footsoldiers
T S is the Castigators who put them down. Channelling T S of the Sacrosanct chambers. By channelling celestial
A L 2 3+A V celestial powers through their thunderhead A L 2 3+A V power through their wargear, they can bolster their
E E greatbows, they provide covering fire to their E E strength to new heights, all the while carrying out
H H
1 kindred, projectiles detonating with blazing force. 1 the secretive missions of their hosts.
CONTROL CONTROL
RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Thunderhead Greatbow Sacrosanct Weapons 2 3+ 3+ 1 1
Anti-Cavalry (+1 Rend), 15" 3 3+ 3+ 1 1 Crit (2 Hits)
Crit (2 Hits)
Stormsmite Greatmace
2 3+ 3+ 1 2
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg Crit (2 Hits)
Greatbow Stock 1 3+ 3+ - 1 Each model in this unit is armed with Sacrosanct Weapons.
• 2/5 models can replace their Sacrosanct Weapons with a
Passive Stormsmite Greatmace.
DEPENDABLE GRYPH-HOUND: Some Castigators are
Any Combat Phase
accompanied by Gryph-hounds trained to aid them in battle.
SEQUITOR AETHERIC CHANNELLING: Sequitors can use
Effect: This unit’s Gryph-hound is a token. If this unit’s their knowledge of the arcane arts to channel aetheric energy into their
Gryph-hound has been removed, it cannot use the ‘Scouting weapons or shields.
Companion’ ability.
Effect: If this unit is contesting an objective you control, pick 1 of the
following effects to apply for the rest of the turn:
Your Shooting Phase
• Other than the Companion weapon ability, weapon abilities for
CASTIGATOR AETHERIC CHANNELLING: Castigators can
attacks that target this unit have no effect.
use their knowledge of the arcane to channel aetheric energy, making
• This unit’s combat attacks score critical hits on unmodified hit rolls
their weapons more accurate.
of 5+.
Effect: If this unit has not used a Move ability this turn and was
not set up this turn, this unit’s shooting attacks score critical hits on
unmodified hit rolls of 5+ for the rest of the turn.
Reaction: You declared a Shoot ability for this unit
SCOUTING COMPANION: A Castigator’s Gryph-hound can be
sent out into the fray to identify the enemy’s weak points.
Effect: Until the Shoot ability is resolved, add 3" to the Range
characterisic of this unit’s Thunderhead Greatbows and add 1 to hit
rolls for this unit’s shooting attacks. Remove this unit’s Gryph-hound
from the battlefield after the Shoot ability has been resolved.
Infantry, Champion Infantry, Champion
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Order, Stormcast Eternals, Order, Stormcast Eternals,
Sacrosanct Chamber Sacrosanct Chamber
30

--- Page 32 ---
• STORMCAST ETERNALS WARSCROLL • • STORMCAST ETERNALS WARSCROLL •
JUDICATORS JUDICATORS
WITH SKYBOLT BOWS WITH BOLTSTORM CROSSBOWS
MOVE MOVE
5" 5"
H No foe can escape the keen gaze of the Judicators. H Judicators who wield boltstorm crossbows are adept
T S T S in the culling of enemy hordes. These rapid-firing
A L E 2 3+ E A V a G rr r o a w nt fi ed re t h u e n a le b a i s li h t e y d t o b y s e t n h s e e i r c s o k r y ru b p o t lt i o b n o , w th s e fe s l t l o s r r m an o k f s A L E 2 3+ E A V s w ig ea m p a o r n it s e l ; a b u y n t c h h e a t m im m e u t n h i e t s i e o n st t r i i p k p e e h d o w m i e th , t b h l e e y s s a e r d e
H of enemies with relentless and merciless precision. H
1 1 thoroughly enveloped in coruscating storm-energies.
CONTROL CONTROL
RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Skybolt Bow Boltstorm Crossbow
18" 2 3+ 3+ 1 1 15" 3 3+ 3+ - 1
Crit (Auto-wound) Anti-Infantry (+1 Rend)
Shockbolt Bow Thunderbolt Crossbow
18" D3+3 3+ 3+ 1 1 15" 3 3+ 3+ - 2
Anti-Monster (+1 Rend) Anti-Infantry (+1 Rend)
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Storm Gladius 1 3+ 3+ 1 1 Storm Gladius 1 3+ 3+ 1 1
Each model in this unit is armed with a Skybolt Bow and Storm Gladius. Each model in this unit is armed with a Boltstorm Crossbow and
Storm Gladius.
•1/5 models can replace their Skybolt Bow with a Shockbolt Bow.
•1/5 models can replace their Boltstorm Crossbow with a
Thunderbolt Crossbow.
Once Per Turn (Army), Any Shooting Phase
SUBDUING SHOTS: With eagle-eyed aim, Judicators can hit enemy Once Per Turn (Army), Any Shooting Phase
beasts exactly where it hurts the most. HAIL OF BOLTS: After shooting, the area around a Judicator’s target
is riddled with stray bolts and corpses, creating obstacles for the enemy.
Declare: Pick a visible enemy Monster that had any damage
points allocated to it this phase by this unit’s shooting attacks to be Declare: Pick a visible enemy Infantry unit that does not have
the target. Fly and that had any models slain this phase by this unit’s shooting
attacks to be the target.
Effect: Roll a dice. On a 3+, the target cannot use Rampage abilities
until the start of your next turn. Effect: Roll a dice. On a 3+, until the start of your next turn, subtract
1 from the number of dice rolled when making charge rolls for the
target, to a minimum of 1.
Infantry, Champion Infantry, Champion
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Order, Stormcast Eternals, Order, Stormcast Eternals,
Warrior Chamber Warrior Chamber
31

--- Page 33 ---
• STORMCAST ETERNALS WARSCROLL • • STORMCAST ETERNALS WARSCROLL •
RETRIBUTORS DECIMATORS
MOVE MOVE
4" A Retributor retinue wields crushing lightning 4"
H hammers, amongst the most unsubtle and H The advance of the Decimators is marked by piles of
T S T S butchered corpses. These Paladins are remorseless
A L E H 3 3+ E A V c d h e a v n a w s n t e e a a l t l p i i n o n g n g s w t , h e t e a h p s e t o R o n r e r m t y r ’ i i s b n f u u t t h r o y e r s t S h s to t r r o r i m u k g e h h t o h t s h e ts e f ’ o s a e e r f s w e e a i n t r h a s l o . m By e A L E H 3 3+ E A V t i h n e e ir r a b d ru ic t a a t l i t n h g u S n i d gm er a a r x ’ e s s e , n n e e m ve i r e s t i a r n e d w , h a e r n m c e l d e a w v i i t n h g
1 annihilating force. 1 through hordes of the hateful foe.
CONTROL CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Retributor Lightning Decimator Thunderaxe
4 3+ 3+ 1 1
Hammer 2 3+ 3+ 1 2 Crit (2 Hits)
Crit (Mortal)
Starsoul Mace
1 3+ 3+ 2 3
Starsoul Mace Crit (Mortal)
1 3+ 3+ 2 3
Crit (Mortal)
Each model in this unit is armed with a Decimator Thunderaxe.
Each model in this unit is armed with a Retributor Lightning Hammer.
•2/5 models can replace their Decimator Thunderaxe with a
•2/5 models can replace their Retributor Lightning Hammer with a Starsoul Mace.
Starsoul Mace.
Passive
Passive DECIMATING BLOW: A single swing of a thunderaxe can carve
CRUSHING COUNTER-BLOW: Retributors are experts in close through several foes.
combat. Once an enemy has made the fatal mistake of engaging them,
Effect: Add 1 to the Damage characteristic of this unit’s Decimator
they will be shattered by the Paladins’ answering blows.
Thunderaxes if the target unit has 10 or more models.
Effect: If this unit is damaged or if any models in this unit were
slain this turn, add 1 to hit rolls for this unit’s attacks for the rest of
the turn.
Infantry, Champion Infantry, Champion
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Order, Stormcast Eternals, Order, Stormcast Eternals,
Warrior Chamber Warrior Chamber
32

--- Page 34 ---
• STORMCAST ETERNALS WARSCROLL •
PROTECTORS
MOVE
4"
H As a Protector retinue advances, they spin their
T S stormstrike glaives in intricate arcs. By doing so,
A L 3 3+A V they create shields of celestial force, safeguarding
E E their comrades while the Paladins eagerly put their
H
1 warrior skills to work.
CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Protector Stormstrike Glaive 4 3+ 3+ 1 1
Starsoul Mace
1 3+ 3+ 2 3
Crit (Mortal)
Each model in this unit is armed with a Protector Stormstrike Glaive.
•2/5 models can replace their Protector Stormstrike Glaive with a
Starsoul Mace.
Passive
SHIELD OF THE STORM: Attacks are deflected by the Protectors’
weaving glaives.
Effect: While any friendly Stormcast Eternals Infantry
Heroes are within this unit’s combat range, both this unit and those
friendly units have Ward (5+).
Infantry, Champion
KEYWORDS
Order, Stormcast Eternals,
Warrior Chamber

--- Page 35 ---
PRODUCED BY THE WARHAMMER DESIGN STUDIO
With thanks to The Faithful and The Loretesters for their invaluable services.
Battletome Supplement: Stormcast Eternals © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2024. Battletome Supplement: Stormcast Eternals, GW, Games Workshop,
Warhammer, Warhammer Age of Sigmar, Battletome, Stormcast Eternals, the ‘winged-hammer’ Warhammer logo, and all associated logos, illustrations, images, names,
creatures, races, vehicles, locations, weapons, characters, and the distinctive likenesses thereof, are either ® or TM, and/or © Games Workshop Limited, variably registered
around the world. All Rights Reserved.
Permission to download/print for personal use only.
This is a work of fiction. All the characters and events portrayed in this book are fictional, and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidental.
Pictures used for illustrative purposes only.
Certain Citadel products may be dangerous if used incorrectly and Games Workshop does not recommend them for use by children under the age of 16 without adult
supervision. Whatever your age, be careful when using glues, bladed equipment and sprays and make sure that you read and follow the instructions on the packaging.
Games Workshop Ltd., Willow Road, Lenton, Games Workshop Limited – Irish branch
Nottingham, NG7 2WS, United Kingdom Unit 3, Lower Liffey Street, Dublin 1, D01 K199, Ireland
