--- Page 1 ---
®
CHAOS BATTLETOME
BEASTS CHAOS
OF

--- Page 2 ---
Fear the endless wilds of the Mortal Realms, for therein lurk monstrous
things – twisted amalgamations of man and beast filled with a burning
desire to see the wonders of civilisation torn down and despoiled.
Born from the primordial power of Chaos and imbued with bestial
strength, these Beasts of Chaos can survive in the most inhospitable
places imaginable. There, they gather in immense herds, stirring
themselves to a frothing rage beneath looming totems before loping
forth in search of prey.
Once, the Beasts of Chaos ruled over vast and teeming territories.
The kingdoms of aelf, man and duardin alike cowered before their
terrifying might. The blasting of brayhorns seemed certain to herald
the death throes of enlightenment and the devolution of everything to a
primitive state of barbarism.
That was before the gates of the heavens were hurled open and the
armies of the God-King Sigmar returned to seize control of the realms
in the name of order and justice. For the first time in centuries, the
beastherds were sorely bloodied in battle, forced to retreat back into
the darkest corners of the wilds – those warped, festering places where
the corruption of Chaos has soaked deep into the lands.
Yet there are few things more deadly than a wounded predator. Those
who believe the power of the greatfrays broken need only stray into the
untamed wastes to find evidence of their delusion. These hinterlands
echo to the thundering hoofbeats of charging beastmen and the
maddening cries of mutant abominations. With axe and bloodied horn,
the Beasts of Chaos wage a guerrilla war against the nations of the
so-called ‘cultured’ races, taking bitter satisfaction from each city or
fortress they reduce to a corpse-strewn ruin.
When the brayhorns blare and the sound of stampeding hooves rumbles
like approaching thunder, the wise throw down their weapons and flee.
The rest will burn upon the altar of primal fury.
CHAOS BATTLETOME

--- Page 3 ---
3

--- Page 4 ---
A SAVAGE HOWL
Ever since the realms’ formation, the Beasts of Chaos as the Skaven unleashed the Vermindoom upon the
have prowled their darkest corners, a menace to every eastern fringe of Aqshy’s Great Parch with meteoric
living creature crossing their path. Sworn enemies of force, precipitating the realms-wide cataclysm known as
civilisation, they revel in the basest savagery, hoping the Hour of Ruin. The Dark Gods had played their own
to drag the realms down into the blood and filth in role in bringing about this nightmare, the brainchild of
which they revel. their newest member, the Great Horned Rat. Now came
a chance to expand their already vast hosts and ensure
For the cloven-hoofed killers of the deep wilds, the Era the subjugation of the weakened powers of Order.
of the Beast had been one of plenty, an age of joyous
carnage that rivalled the old times before the coming So did the greatfrays find themselves under attack from
of the hated God-King. Far and wide, the greatfrays within and without as the realms around them were
roamed, woe befalling all in their path. Blood saturated split asunder. Yet such was their power and the sheer
the lands, and everywhere rose the blunt and ugly shapes weight of their numbers that, even then, the Beasts of
of herdstones, corpses piled before them by the score. Chaos fought back viciously, with all the fury of an
It seemed the hunt would never end. Yet the history apex predator protecting its kill. Powerful Beastlords
of the beastmen has ever been defined by the cycle of and Bray-Shamans swore that if they were to fall, they
triumph and calamity. With the disappearance of the would perish with their teeth buried in the throat of
Earthquake God Kragnos, the momentum that had their oppressor. These alphabeasts slew their foes
defined the Era of the Beast sputtered to a halt. by the hundreds, turning the lands blood-red
Without that primal aura of rage around them, as they defied the armies now arrayed against
the greatfrays began to splinter. Old tensions them. But they were not invincible. One by
resurfaced. Rival Beastlords sought to settle one, they perished, leaving their greatfrays
scores or prove themselves the mightier to fight on alone.
in tooth and claw, while packs of Gors
and Ungors split away from the larger Leaderless herds now manifested the
hosts to indulge in raiding of their same survival instincts that had
own. The malformed predators governed the Beasts of Chaos since
that accompanied the gor-kin time immemorial. As if they were
ranged ever farther in search of fresh one single organism, they began to
meat. All the while, the enemies of the bleed away into the forests, deserts and
greatfrays regathered their strength. other inhospitable corners of the Mortal
Realms. In the moment, the enemies of
Soon, the armies of Sigmar and his allies the greatfrays claimed a glorious victory.
struck out to avenge the horrors so recently The truth behind that claim soon came into
visited upon them, even as the primal cohesion question. Crusading armies that pursued
of the beastherds was further weakened from these retreating packs of gor-kin paid for their
within. The Dark Gods sought more chattel for their foolishness when they were encircled, ambushed
wars of annihilation, and in the teeming beastmen, and torn apart piecemeal. It is too easy, then, to claim
they saw grist for their mill. Warbands of each great definitively that the Beasts of Chaos are defeated. It is
power travelled across the ravaged territories newly true that many of the most ferocious warlords of the
claimed by the Beastlords, converting gor-kin to their bestial hordes were slain, and the cloven-hoofed ones
cause through torture, temptation or indoctrination. were driven from those territories they had occupied. Yet
More and more beastmen scorned the path of true trying to eliminate them all was to prove as impossible a
anarchy and chose the way of the Slaangors, Pestigors or task as counting every speck of sand in the realms.
Tzaangors – newly devoted servants of a single patron
god, twisted and moulded entirely in that entity’s Wherever the land is soured by corruption, there the
vile image. Beasts of Chaos still lurk, licking their wounds and
wwwaaaiiitttiiinnnggg fffooorrr ttthhheeeiiirrr ppprrreeeyyy tttooo eeexxxpppooossseee iiitttsss ttthhhrrroooaaattt...
For those beastmen who saw their kind as a pure
incarnation of Chaos, unalloyed and untainted by
subservience, this was a threat that could only be met
with savagery. Infighting rocked the greatfrays as god- ‘We should not fool ourselves that these beasts
worshipping gor-kin were hunted down, butchered and of the wild are extinct. They are out there in the
skinned. In return, the Dark Gods sent in more of their
forests, the caverns, the endless dunes of the
own warriors to widen the rift, escalating the violence
desert. And their hate for us is everlasting.’
to horrifying new levels that drew more recruits to their
cause. It soon became clear why the Ruinous Powers had – Marshal Karlock of Hammerhal Aqsha
been so dead-set upon making pawns of the beastmen,
4

--- Page 5 ---
BEASTLORD
The largest and cruellest of their kind, Beastlords rule over their herds with an iron hoof. They lead their vast
throngs in an endless war against civilisation, stamping out the light of progress and reason wherever they can.
Forged by a culture that prizes savagery above all else, foe stumbles guilelessly into their killing ground, the
the Beastlords are the alphas of their beastherd, blessed Beastlord gives voice to a full-throated bellow. Then
with a predatory cunning that belies their musclebound do the beastmen sweep down on all sides, and the
form. Having risen from the mobs of the gor-kin to butchery begins.
the very height of power, they now rule through the
simple expedience of violence and fear. Those deemed Beastlords are often the first to spill gore when battle
a challenge to their bestial authority are gored and is joined, for their lust for bloodshed is impossible
ripped apart, their torn-out innards held up high as a to contain. With butting horns, they slam their way
triumphant trophy and a warning to others. into the fray, hacking and swiping with twin axes that
suit their headlong and ferocious way of war. Enemy
Yet though they treat their own kind brutally, Beastlords champions are a favoured target, for a Beastlord must
save their true wrath for soft-skins – or any other constantly prove their dominance, lest potential
beings foolish enough to stray too close to their hunting challengers sense weakness. They take delight in holding
grounds. These alphabeasts possess an uncanny knack aloft the severed heads of those they slay, knowing that
for sensing an enemy’s weakness. Their keen knowledge few things shatter a so-called civilised army’s morale
of the wilderness allows them to swiftly encircle an more effectively than witnessing the dismemberment of
enemy host, cutting off any hope of escape. When the their most powerful warriors.
GREAT BRAY-SHAMAN
The Dark Tongue is the language of Chaos, and among the gor-kin, none are as fluent in its harsh syllables as the
Bray-Shamans. They are the preachers and mystics of the brayherds, prophets of desecration capable of wielding
chaotic energy to obliterate their foes and grant their own kind unnatural strength.
If a Beastlord is the iron fist of a beastherd, then a that consume them from within. Perhaps their greatest
Bray-Shaman is its black heart. These strange, twisted power, however, is the influence they wield over their
creatures channel the primordial energies of Chaos own kind. A Bray-Shaman’s ululating cries can inspire
energy that permeate the Mortal Realms. In doing so, a frenzied killing madness in nearby gor-kin, causing
they bless their own kind with manifold hideous ‘gifts’ them to hurl themselves upon their foes without fear of
whilst wreaking terrible ruin upon their enemies. They bbbuuulllllleeettt,,, bbblllaaadddeee ooorrr ssspppeeellllll...
are seers, soothsayers and crazed demagogues, guiding
the cloven-hoofed ones on their destiny to eradicate the
stain of civilisation.
Most Bray-Shamans are marked from birth, bearing
mutations or pelt markings that are known to be a
sign of the Chaos Gods’ favour. Others come into their
powers after exposure –often intentional – to unnatural
and malign energies. However they come to possess
their power, Bray-Shamans naturally rise to positions
of prominence in their tribe, typically serving as a
Beastlord’s advisor and seer. Less commonly, a Bray-
Shaman will seize total control of their greatfray and
lead alone, listening only to the voices that whisper at
the back of their mind.
Though lacking in physical prowess when compared to
their thuggish kin, Bray-Shamans need not rely upon
raw strength to spill the blood of their enemies. The
flesh-spoiling magic of Chaos is theirs to command,
and with a gesture, they can tear the skin from their
foes or send a bolt of mutative energy coursing through
their enemy’s body, giving rise to bubbling mutations
5

--- Page 6 ---
‘These lands ours! Let the soft-skins come. We
will kill them. We will burn them. We will
eat their flesh and offer up their bones to the
Great Devolver.’
– Bray-Shaman Gomgrak Ironhoof
6

--- Page 7 ---
BEASTMEN
FATE OF THE SHADOWGAVE
Twisted amalgamations of humans and animals make In the depths of the cursed glade known as
up the snarling mass of a Beasts of Chaos herd. Fleet Witherdwell, there was once a bubbling mire
of hoof and possessed of near-endless stamina, these of rank flesh and protean matter, a cesspit of
ambushers run their prey to ground and tear them corruption that the beastmen believed to be the
apart in a frenzy of bloodletting. essence of Morghur, the Great Devolver. This entity
was as a god to them, a being from another time
so redolent with unnatural magic that it could
UNGORS never truly be slain. One day, the Bray-Shamans of
The lowest of all gor-kin are the Ungors, who subsist Morghur preached, their grotesque master would
on the outskirts of beastman society. These small, weak return and reduce the realms and everything in
creatures could almost pass for humans, save for their them into a single pit of primordial ooze.
goatlike lower limbs and the stumpy horns that sprout
from their skulls. This causes them to be despised and Sensing the malignant power stirring in
bullied by more powerful gor-kin, but it is not without Witherdwell, a combined force of Sylvaneth and
its uses. Disguised Ungors scout out crusading columns, Lumineth Realm-lords sought to wipe it from
observing their movements and reporting their findings the map. While the greatfrays were scattered,
back to their Beastlord, in the hope that they might be indulging their basest instincts in the Hour of
rewarded with a few scraps of meat. Ruin, the aelf-kin and their allies struck. The Battle
of Witherdwell was a horrific one, and no aelven
Though scarcely stronger than a human, Ungors are warrior or forest spirit that experienced the horror
driven by a malicious cruelty that makes them very of battling across the mutating mires of that cursed
effective in battle. They typically wield short skinning place will ever heal the damage wrought upon
blades and crude axes, striking at the vulnerable flanks their bodies and minds. Yet through Lumineth
of the enemy and fading away whenever they discover magic and the cleansing spells of Alarielle’s
stern resistance. Their actions serve to distract and chosen Branchwraiths, the Morghur-pool was
divert the foe, who often make the mistake of pursuing scoured from existence and its Bray-Shaman
the fleeing Ungors and thereby exposing themselves to a wardens slain. Only one escaped – the
sudden counter-surge. infamous and cruelly cunning greypelt known
as Ghorraghan Khai. Limping away into the
Occupying the lowest stratum of beastman society, depths of the deep forest, Khai clutched a fistful of
these beasts are filled with a bitter rage at the injustices gelid matter that hissed and bubbled between his
levelled upon them, and they yearn to take out those claws: a last scraping from the Great Devolver’s
frustrations on something weaker than themselves. putrid mass, still throbbing with untold power.
Those unlucky enough to fall into the hands of the The realms had not yet glimpsed the last of
Ungors are doomed to suffer an ugly fate, for these Morghur – or his worshippers.
maltreated gor-kin take malicious delight in tormenting
helpless beings.
UNGOR RAIDERS
Unsurprisingly, given their scrawny bodies and relative
lack of strength, Ungors prefer to kill from a safe
distance. Many favour a compact weapon known as a
raider bow, with a string fashioned from cured human-
gut that allows for swift, mostly accurate shots. It is
designed to loose arrows on the move, for Ungors are
not natural sharpshooters. Instead, they prefer to rain
arrows down upon their foes in such large quantities –
and from such cunning angles – that at least some will
find their mark.
Ungor Raiders operate on the fringes of battle, rushing
in to unleash vicious volleys before retreating into the
trees or whatever other cover is available when the foe
attempts to strike back. These constant skirmish assaults
harry the enemy, withering their numbers and pulling
their formations apart to allow more heavily armoured
gor-kin to exploit the gaps.
7

--- Page 8 ---
GORS Yet it is when they move in packs that Gors become
Gors are the most numerous of a beastherd’s warriors, a true menace. A feral pack mentality drives them on
larger and stronger than the average human and as they race into battle, becoming drunk on the heady
with thick, matted fur that covers their flanks. These thrill of bloodletting and forgetting their innate survival
creatures have been honed and toughened by their instincts as they hurl themselves at the enemy. In the
brutal existence, their seniority exemplified by the thick of the melee, they seek to outdo one another
curling horns that sprout from their brows. They make with gruesome acts of violence, ripping, gouging and
up for their lack of weapons training with an instinctive tearing at their prey with claws, horns and crude but
sense of when to strike for their prey’s jugular. deadly weapons.
BESTIGORS
For the Beasts of Chaos, might makes right. To
the strongest go the spoils of war, and thus it is the
swaggering Bestigors that have the pick of the loot in
the wake of a beastman raid. Though ill-maintained by
civilised standards, the weapons and armour that these
veteran killers clad themselves in are fearsomely
effective. This allows Bestigors to survive battle
after battle while their lesser gor-kin are torn to
pieces. These warriors grow older, greyer and
more ferocious until they begin to consider seizing
control of their own greatfray.
It is deeply ironic that the Bestigors often accompany
their Beastlord or Bray-Shaman into battle as an
elite bodyguard, for it is from their own ranks that
the alphabeast’s eventual usurper will emerge. Still,
while they can be intimidated into serving, they are
a fearsome asset. A mass of fighting Bestigors is a
terrifying vision of primal might, their armour
drenched in blood and littered with scalps, ears and
other torn flesh – trophies ripped from the corpses
of their victims. They hack at foes with their
favoured two-handed weapons and strike out
with their rock-hard horns. A headbutt from
a Bestigor is powerful enough to shatter the
ribs of a human or to render them either
unconscious or dead.

--- Page 9 ---
MONSTERS AND WAR MACHINES
The greatfrays of the Beasts of Chaos can call upon all manner of grotesque abominations to shatter the
battlelines of their enemy, from thundering hogs with iron-tough hides to drunken, half-equine cavalry and
foul-tempered, lumbering behemoths.
TUSKGOR CHARIOTS The tipple of choice amongst Centigors is a horrific
Beastmen are not known for their engineering skills, concoction brewed from fermented blood, sulphurous
and thus they rarely utilise war machines in battle. fistfuls of Chaos-corrupted vegetation and all manner
The sole exception to this is the Tuskgor Chariot – an of region-specific ingredients. It is an unholy mixture,
apparently ramshackle but deadly construction that so inherently toxic that if a human were to drink
is sent hurtling into the ranks of the foe, crushing even a mouthful their belly would likely dissolve into
helpless victims beneath its grinding wheels while its pink sludge.
two-Gor crew adds to the carnage with axe and spear.
This rampage clears the way for an advancing mass of Centigors, however, are made of sterner stuff, gulping
beastmen, who take advantage of the disarray to butcher down gutfuls of this infernal elixir before each fight.
helpless foes. This fills them not only with drunken strength but also
with a reckless and idiotic bravery, which sees them
These chariots are pulled by Tuskgors, hulking hurtle into a wall of lethal spears without a hint of fear,
creatures of the Chaos wilds with a taste for corpse- roaring with inebriated laughter all the while.
meat. Thought not exactly swift, they are capable
of building up a fearsome momentum on the
charge. They rely upon their array of horns RAZORGOR
and tusks to impale anything in their path, At first glance, a Razorgor appears to
while a gor-kin driver strikes out with resemble a monstrously oversized boar with
the lash in an attempt to keep them a smattering of coarse fur and jutting
moving in roughly the right direction. tusks. Yet their flesh is so warped by
With luck, they smash straight into a the emanations of Chaos that clusters
packed enemy formation, where the of muscle poke through their tough
sheer heft of the contraption causes hide and bony spurs jut from their
bloody mayhem. flanks and spine. Indeed, there
have been sightings of even more
Tuskgors are notoriously aggressive hideously mutated Razorgors, ones
and almost as dangerous to their with writhing tentacles and fanged
own warriors as they are to the enemy. mouths erupting from their bodies.
Attempts to leash them to a war engine
regularly result in disembowelment and These growths only make the Razorgor
shattered spines amongst unfortunate gor- a more dangerous beast to face on the
kin handlers. Yet such is the unique role they battlefield. The monster charges headlong into
perform for the Beastlords that they are always the fray, sweeping its great head back and forth to
in high demand. When fielded en masse, they skewer prey as its frenzied eyes bulge almost out of
can sweep entire formations before them with a their sockets.
single, clattering charge.
The gor-kin have learnt to exploit the Razorgor’s
famously foul temper, riling the creatures up with taunts
CENTIGORS and jabbing spears before battle. They are then loosed
Centigors are brawny carousers who crave violence and into the heart of the enemy’s ranks, where their natural
love nothing more than to drink copious amounts of weapons and insatiable hunger cause utter carnage.
alcohol before crashing into the foe in a reckless rage. A Razorgor can devour an armoured knight in but a
Strange offshoots of beastmen, they have the upper few crunching gulps, and it will often seize a new meal
body of a powerful Gor with the lower half of an equine in its jaws even as the previous one is still sliding down
beast. This grants them the ability to cover ground with its throat.
thundering speed whilst leaving their hands free to
impale foes with a rude spear or glaive.
In essence, Centigors function as cavalry for the ‘I have oft heard it said that the beast-kin are
beastherds, albeit of a wild and unruly sort. They gallop easily defeated in the field, for they lack heavy
across the battlefield in search of a weak point that they cavalry. I can only assume that those who claim
can overwhelm. Drunkenness does not seem to impede this have never faced down a Centigor charge.’
their performance in battle, and it certainly dulls their
sense of pain; often they do not realise that their flesh is – Liberator-Prime Osha
riddled with arrows until the morning after.
9

--- Page 10 ---
CHAOS GARGANT In battle, these Chaos Gargants wade in without
It is not uncommon for gargants to lumber into areas hesitation, lashing out with their makeshift clubs
saturated with Chaos magic and end up gripped by to pulverise rows of soldiers or using their hooves
corruption, the formidable strength and resilience of to punt mounted rider and steed high into the air.
these titans combining with all manner of gruesome Those who attempt to engage the gargant in melee are
mutations. Their feet split painfully apart, cloven hooves squashed flat by its ungainly rampage or stuffed into
sprouting from the ruptured flesh. Horns grow from its maw and chewed to death. On occasion, a Chaos
their oversized skulls, and their simple-minded lust Gargant might even grab a few luckless victims and
for violence devolves into a ferocity akin to the self- cram them into its stinking breeches to be consumed at
destructive rage of a rabid dog. aaa lllaaattteeerrr dddaaattteee...
Grabbing whatever crude implements of destruction
they can from their environment – gnarled tree trunks,
boulders and the wreckage of shattered war machines ‘Think I ate something funny, ’cos when I woke
are particular favourites – Chaos Gargants seek out up, I got this horn sproutin’ from me skull and
carnage. This quest often sees them join with beastherds a belly all scaled like a fish. Been hearin’ some
on the hunt, who are swift to employ the titans as living damn odd things in me ’ead, as well.’
battering rams. Their strength is particularly useful
when the herds find themselves facing the sturdy walls – Glabbor, Chaos Gargant
of a Sigmarite settlement or other well-defended bastion.
10

--- Page 11 ---
BLOODGREED BRUTES
Living wrecking balls of corded muscle, the behemoths of the Beasts of Chaos smash their way into the
thick of an enemy host, indulging their battle-lust to horrifying extremes as their cursed blood thrums
with primal power.
BULLGORS As with every aspect of beastman society, the alpha
The most savage of a greatfray’s warrior-beasts are status of a Doombull is a precarious thing; it must be
those afflicted by the bloodgreed curse, a legacy of regularly maintained by spilling the blood of would-
cannibalism and depravity that causes them to crave be usurpers. Doombulls are ranting, snorting tyrants
fresh meat with a single-minded intensity that is terrible that constantly challenge those they view as potential
to behold. Bullgors are recklessly aggressive even by rivals to single combat. Wise Bullgors bow their heads
the standards of their own kind, smashing their way in the face of such aggression, for those who accept
through the ranks of their enemies without care for the the bait are usually ripped open and devoured in short
spears and bullets aimed in their direction. Once in order. The horns of particularly worthy challengers
amongst the melee, they snatch up screaming foes and are wrenched out of their skulls and attached to the
rip great chunks out of their flesh in a feeding frenzy. Doombull’s armour.
Bullgors are so large and terrifying that few foes are able
to stand in their path and not flee in terror. Though it GHORGON
is a by-product of their primal might rather than a Ghorgons are four-armed monstrosities of enormous
tactical choice, these brutes soak up a great portion size, driven to a frenzy by their never-ending
of the enemy’s attacks, shrugging off almost hunger. It is believed by the gor-kin that these
everything hurled in their direction in the titans were once Bullgors, now malformed
throes of the bloodgreed. Missiles deflect off and insane after centuries spent feeding the
their iron-tough hides as they swing bloodgreed curse. Some shamans
their axes in mighty arcs, sending insist that all Ghorgons ultimately
limbs and severed torsos spinning hail from a single progenitor tribe
through the air. whose members were so consumed by
their malediction that they indulged
For all their ferocity, Bullgors are in cannibalism, feasting on other
surprisingly superstitious creatures herds. This filled their bellies with
and look upon their herd’s Great so much Chaos-tainted meat that they
Bray-Shaman with awed respect. This began to mutate horribly, sprouting
may be because the soothsayer invariably extra limbs and growing to the size
leads them to the most bounteous flesh- of gargants.
feasts. Often, one or more Bullgors will
follow a Bray-Shaman in battle, acting as a Whatever legacy gave rise to the
crude honour guard and dismembering any Ghorgons, they are too feral to recall it. Reeking
creature that dares approach their ward. of spoiled sweat and rotting flesh, they thunder
into battle wherever they find it, falling upon the
thickest concentration of prey in a slavering rush.
DOOMBULL Razor-hooked upper limbs lash back and forth in a wild
Doombulls are the alphabeasts of the Bullgor herds, but effective flurry. Enemies are gored, stamped on and
apex killers even more ferocious than the rest of their torn limb from limb, their ruptured bodies stuffed in the
flesh-craving kind. As broad as a cogfort gate and strong Ghorgon’s black-toothed maw by the beast’s lower arms
enough to rip a Stormcast warrior in two with their bare even as it continues its rampage.
hands, they dominate the battlefield, bisecting multiple
warriors with each swing of their oversized axes. The Witnessing their comrades being devoured alive is
sight of one of these enormous creatures pulverising all horror enough, but soldiers facing a raging Ghorgon
in its path and unleashing ear-splitting, spittle-flecked truly know fear when they realise that even a
roars is enough to steal the valour from the most pppoooiiinnnttt-blank cannonade can struggle to pierce the dread
battle-hardened knight.
The bloodgreed curse boils more violently in the veins
of a Doombull than in any of its kin, and the appetite of ‘Never seen anything so awful in my life. That
these beasts is legendarily vast. They particularly favour thing was grabbin’ our lads one by one and
the gore of champions and monstrous beasts, believing stuffin’ ’em into its mouth whole. Still hear the
that by ingesting other creatures’ power, they can grow crunch of broken bones in my nightmares.’
ever mightier themselves. As anyone who has faced
down one of these hulking behemoths can attest, there – Sergeant Balkstaff
might be an element of truth to that belief.
11

--- Page 12 ---
creature’s iron-tough hide. Best is to run – and hope that great volume. They cram these spellcasters into their
the Ghorgon is too busy glutting itself on the corpses of mouths, grinding up their flesh and savouring the
the slain to give chase. eldritch energy that seeps out.
Beastmen preserve none of their history beyond the
CYGOR occasional legend or folk tale, but human records
A particularly strange and little understood offshoot from the Age of Myth indicate that, at that time, there
of the Bullgor species are the Cygors, one-eyed giants existed a number of rampaging Bullgor tribes that had a
whose cursed blood sees them crave a rather different predilection for the flesh of magic-users. These creatures
source of sustenance. It is not fresh gore and meat that ventured to the very edge of the realms in their quest for
empower these beasts but raw magic. With their single arcane nourishment, and it is possible that the Cygors
eye, which is blind to the physical world but highly descend from them; gorging on the untapped power
attuned to the magical, they can sense the arcane with found there, they developed their cyclopean eyes and
the precision of a shark scenting blood. Cygors will ability to sense magic. Indeed, the stones that Cygors
follow wispy traces of the stuff back to the source, carry into battle and hurl at their foes are imbued with
sometimes traversing hundreds of leagues in search mystical force, having been ripped from particularly
of a potent feast. They particularly favour devouring potent ley line monuments. When they strike home,
sorcerers and wizards, who radiate such energies in they leave enemies smeared across the ground.
12

--- Page 13 ---
FURY OF THE THUNDERSCORN
Mythic creatures imbued with the fury of the primordial storm, the Dragon Ogors rule the highest mountain
peaks. They descend only to wreak death and devastation upon the civilised races, revelling in the cities they
shatter and the foes they crush beneath their mighty bulk.
DRAGON OGORS DRAGON OGOR SHAGGOTH
Those who dwell under the shadow of the realms’ The most ancient Dragon Ogors become one with
greatest mountains know to dread it when the storm the peaks upon which they dwell. Standing atop their
winds howl and the sky is riven by spears of blinding towering thrones, they survey the lands below, searching
lightning. Such cataclysmic sounds herald the coming for the merest hint of civilisation threatening to enter
of the Dragon Ogors of the Thunderscorn beastherds, their lands. Should they sight such a thing, their
ancient monsters that descend from the highest peaks to wrathful bellows will shake the very foundations of the
vent their fury upon lesser beings. mountain, causing rockfalls and landslides and filling
every living creature within earshot with a bone-deep
Dragon Ogors are hulking quadrupeds with the terror. As the skies above them darken, the Dragon
lower bodies of draconic beasts and the torsos of Ogor Shaggoth will descend from its lofty domain,
musclebound humanoids. Each is the size of several thundering down the mountainside and making straight
mortal men, and they possess the strength to split for its quarry.
stone using nothing more than their fists. Relishing
bloodshed, they delight in proving their might over the The wise flee in the face of the terrible catastrophe
puny races of the lowlands. They ride right over their hurtling towards them, but few can hope to outrun
enemies, crushing them beneath their scaly mass as its fury. Castle walls and ranks of gleaming pikes are
their storm-wreathed weapons carve scorching arcs nothing but minor impediments to a Shaggoth, and
through the air. entire cities have fallen to the wrath of these merciless
storm-tyrants. Such rampages are seen as omens of
Though they are often seen in the company of gor- great promise by the beastherds, many of which pledge
kin – who are awed by their size and ferocity – Dragon allegiance to a Shaggoth and join its onslaught.
Ogors occupy a strange position in beastman society.
They were formerly creatures of Azyr, imbued with the It takes many, many centuries for a Dragon Ogor
raging fire of the heavens. Never a widespread species, to become a Shaggoth, and once it has reached this
they once stood upon the precipice of extinction and venerable status, it is almost impervious to the weapons
turned to Chaos in their desperation to endure. In doing of mortal foes. Its scales repel not only missiles and
so, they embraced eternal damnation. In exchange for blades but also blasts of eldritch magic. Its claws
the gift of immortality, the Dragon Ogors were forced lengthen until they are the size of broadswords, and
to massacre thousands of mortals every season in the its half-draconic mass grows and grows until it dwarfs
Dark Gods’ name. This they did without hesitation, for others of its kind. Younger Dragon Ogors rally around
mercy had never been in their nature. They plunged such figures, seeking to one day achieve such primal
into the depths of barbarism, condemning their souls dominance themselves.
with each kill.
Its nigh-impenetrable scales also serve another purpose.
Such aggression soon brought the Thunderscorn into Shaggoths – or, more often, their lessers – collect the
conflict with the God-King, and in a shattering war, scales that they periodically shed, each of which is
they were defeated and banished from the heavens. infused with storm-magic and as sharp as a Carnosaur’s
Though no longer vulnerable to ageing or disease, they fang. These scales are then fused in the heart of a
could still perish in battle. Entire tribes of Dragon lightning storm and attached to a sturdy beam of wood,
Ogors were put to the sword – a disaster that, to this creating a titanic weapon that befits the Shaggoth’s size.
day, the Thunderscorn yearn to avenge. They still wield Such a weapon can cleave deep into any foe, no matter
many artefact weapons salvaged from the fall of their how heavily armoured. It can also channel a Shaggoth’s
civilisation, crafted from Azyrite metals and redolent innate power, allowing the creature to summon deadly
with storm-power that explodes upon contact with an bolts of energy to slam into its foes or cloak its allies in a
enemy warrior, incinerating flesh and metal in a surge ppprrrooottteeeccctttiiivvveee ssshhhiiieeelllddd...
of lightning.
So too do the Dragon Ogors retain the gifts bestowed
upon them by the Dark Gods and by the environment ‘You dare to trespass in the mountains of
in which their species was forged. The scales that the Thunder King? Cower, weakling worms.
cover their lower halves are as hard as diamond, and Cower and pray to your pathetic gods, for doom
even their more vulnerable torsos are still far from is upon you!’
defenceless. When lightning crashes down and strikes a
Dragon Ogor’s flesh, their wounds reknit, fused together – The Thunder King, Dragon Ogor Shaggoth
by the power of the tempest.
13

--- Page 15 ---
CREATURES OF CHAOS
The insidious energies that permeate the realms give rise to many hideous abominations, from mutant
behemoths to slavering packs of flesh-eating horrors. Many of these find their way into the hosts of the
Beasts of Chaos.
CHAOS SPAWN Alphabeasts have always seen Chimeras as symbols of
Chaos is a fickle master. For those who possess the power and status, for these creatures will only emerge
willpower to control its entropic energies, it can grant all from their warped lairs to join raids that produce
manner of incredible boons. Yet if one of less ironclad enough corpses to sate their appetites. A Beastlord or
spirit is exposed to its mutating aura, the results can be Bray-Shaman who can lure a Chimera into their herd
horrific. Indeed, any living beast that immerses itself has gained a truly devastating weapon.
in Chaos energies runs the risk of transforming into a
Chaos Spawn. These jabbering, shapeless abominations
are anarchy made flesh, their bizarre anatomy as lethal
as it is mind-rending to look upon. Once, they were
reasoning beings, but now they are barely sentient.
Rubbery lash-limbs emerge from their waxy bodies
along with clusters of insane, bloodshot eyes and
jabbering mouths. They lurch into battle madly, wailing
and howling as they set upon their prey and rend them
into chunks of meat.
No two Chaos Spawn are ever alike, for the Dark Gods
abhor uniformity. Some are covered in thousands of
wiry hairs like giant flies, others are little more than
spheres of rancid flesh or slab-like torsos dotted with
wriggling pseudopods. Almost all of them sprout some
kind of weapon, whether this be a jutting spear of bone
or an acid-spitting maw. If these wretched creatures
sense a living thing in their path that is uncorrupted
by Chaos, they will hurl themselves upon it in a rage,
as if purity itself offends them. Though they will
attack gor-kin almost as readily, Chaos Spawn can be
controlled by a powerful Bray-Shaman or a particularly
wilful Beastlord, who can then turn it upon the CHAOS WARHOUNDS
greatfray’s enemies. When the beastherds hunt, they often follow the
keen scent of Chaos Warhounds – malformed
beasts descended from the many canine species
CHIMERA that scavenge for meat across the Chaos-tainted
There is no greater testament to the warping effects of wildernesses of the Mortal Realms. As they feasted
Chaos upon the natural world than the Chimera. This upon the corpses of heretic warriors and warped
three-headed monster is a terrifying amalgamation creatures, they themselves developed strange and
of monstrous features, melded together by profane horrifying mutations. Tentacles sprout from their flesh
magic and filled with a rage beyond that of even the and horns from their brows and jaws. An unnatural
most ferocious animals. It soars through the skies, hunger drives them, visible in the Warhounds’
two immensely powerful wings holding aloft its malevolent gaze. They hunt not merely to feed but
hulking mass while six eyes scan for potential meals also to savour the terror of those who flee before them
on the ground below. Once its prey is in its sights, the and to relish the sensation of their fangs sinking into
Chimera descends in a flashing blur, teeth bared and yielding flesh.
claws gleaming as its heads bellow and screech in a
demented chorus. Chaos Warhounds typically gather around a greatfray
on the march, drawn to them by the possibility
The Chimera’s strength and raking talons are enough of carrion left behind by the herd – or the hope of
to tear most foes to shreds, but its three heads – each snatching away a lone beastman to devour at their
acting independently – can reduce entire formations to leisure. Despite their vicious nature, Warhounds are
smoking piles of carrion. The draconic head spews jets often brought to heel by gor-kin via lash and brand.
of liquid flame to turn its prey into living torches, while They are then sent running out ahead of the tribe’s
the leonine head rips apart those who evade the deadly advance, chasing down the enemy’s skirmish troops
heat. The avian head attacks with more precision, each and ripping them to pieces or leaping on their front
jabbing strike opening a throat or punching through ranks and bearing their prey to the ground with a bite to
metal armour to shatter the bones beneath. the throat.
15

--- Page 16 ---
JABBERSLYTHE COCKATRICE
Few entities in existence are as repulsive as the There are regions of the realms where the land is
Jabberslythe, that grotesque and wretched monstrosity dotted with strange statues depicting mortals locked
of gruesome folk tales. This creature is insanity defined, in their final moments, many of them missing limbs
a lolloping mass of slimy, blubbery flesh and grasping or even entire sections of their torsos and all with
limbs that leaves a trail of acidic slime in its wake as it expressions of the utmost horror frozen on their faces.
charges towards its prey. The luckless beings who find These are not the carvings of some deranged sculptor
themselves facing this monster are stricken by such but evidence of the presence of a Cockatrice – an
maddening nausea that they can barely raise a hand avian monster whose warping gaze can turn living
to defend themselves. Often, madness claims them, beings to stone.
and they are reduced to gibbering half-remembered
nursery rhymes as the beast’s slobbery tongue Cockatrices are strange creatures indeed, with ragged
darts out to ensnare them and drag them into its wings and a serpentine lower half that tapers into a
rank-smelling maw. single pincer-claw. Although they are large enough
to easily overwhelm half a dozen humans, and their
Jabberslythes are typically solitary creatures, preferring beak is powerful enough to crush a skull with one
to lurk in their dank and swampy lairs. Yet sometimes crunching bite, they prefer to call upon their cursed
they will be drawn by the primal power emanating power to petrify their prey, for they relish the taste of
from a herdstone and will accompany a beastherd calcified flesh.
as it smashes into the domain of the civilised races.
Gor-kin watch with horrified awe as the abomination’s
malformed wings somehow carry it awkwardly into
battle, where its spiked club-tail swings out to cave in
chests and its filth-smeared vorpal claws tear out chunks ‘There are more horrors in existence than the
of flesh. Even should some brave warrior manage to mortal mind is capable of knowing. If you had
pierce the beast’s hide, they are merely signing their seen what I have seen, you would go mad.’
death warrant, as a spume of boiling, black acid will
spurt forth to dissolve them into a puddle of bubbling – Lord-Aquilor Garjann of the Astral Templars
ooze in moments.

--- Page 17 ---
BATTLETOME
BEASTS OF CHAOS
Every Citadel Miniature is a unique piece of the ever-evolving narrative of Warhammer. It is, then, an unfortunate
truth that we can’t continue to sell and support every model we’ve ever made indefinitely. As we make new models,
and new books to explore their background and rules, we have to stop producing and featuring some older models.
But just like many of you, we still treasure our collections of older Citadel Miniatures, and we still want to be able to
use them in games and forge glorious narratives on the tabletop!
Currently, the rules in this battletome are still legal for use in competitive play. However, on 1st June 2025, these rules
will move over to Warhammer Legends. This means that they will no longer be legal for competitive play. When that
time comes, we encourage you to continue to use your collection for casual play, and we will continue to support this
battletome with rules updates as needed throughout the current edition of Warhammer Age of Sigmar. The faction
rules and warscrolls in this battletome are part of the Beasts of Chaos faction.
Rules updated as of November 2024.
FACTION RULES
BATTLE TRAITS
Beasts of Chaos armies can use the following abilities:
Deployment Phase Once Per Turn (Army), Your Hero Phase
MASTERS OF THE WILDERNESS: The RITUALS OF RUIN: The mightiest of the
wild lands of the Mortal Realms are the territory beastmen worship the power of primeval Chaos,
of the Beasts of Chaos, and they have dwelt in these slaughtering and devouring in order to be blessed
places for longer than can be remembered. with strength or to force their opponents into throes
of primal savagery.
Declare: Pick a friendly Beasts of Chaos unit
that has not been deployed. Effect: Pick 1 of the following effects:
Effect: Set up that unit in reserve in ambush. It has Warping Curse: Pick an enemy unit within 12" of
now been deployed. a friendly Beasts of Chaos Hero or, if there is
a friendly Beasts of Chaos Hero in reserve,
Designer’s Note:Any number of friendly within 12" of a battlefield edge to be the target.
Beasts of Chaos units can start the battle in Then, roll a D3. On a 2+, inflict an amount of
reserve – even your entire Beasts of Chaos army! mortal damage on the target equal to the roll.
Keywords Deploy
Brand of Wild Fury:Pick a friendly Beasts
of Chaos unit wholly within 12" of a friendly
Your Movement Phase Beasts of Chaos Hero or, if there is a
BEASTHERD AMBUSH: As the beasts friendly Beasts of Chaos Hero in reserve,
close upon their foes, horn-blasts sound in every wholly within 12" of a battlefield edge to be the
direction, signalling the launch of a deadly ambush. target. Then, roll a dice. On a 2+, the target has
Ward (6+) for the rest of the turn.
Declare: Pick a friendly Beasts of Chaos unit
that is in ambush. Bestial Instinct: Pick a friendly Beasts of
Chaos unit wholly within 12" of a friendly
Effect: Set up that unit on the battlefield wholly Beasts of Chaos Hero or, if there is a friendly
within 9" of a battlefield edge and more than 9" Beasts of Chaos Hero in reserve, wholly
from all enemy units. within 12" of a battlefield edge to be the target.
Then, roll a dice. On a 2+, add 1 to wound rolls for
For the rest of the turn, add 1 to charge rolls for the target’s combat attacks for the rest of the turn.
that unit.
17
FACTION
RULES

--- Page 18 ---
BATTLE FORMATIONS
You can pick 1 of the following battle formations for a Beasts of Chaos army. Each battle formation grants a different
ability you can use in the battle.
MARAUDING BRAYHERD ALMIGHTY BEASTHERD
Once Per Turn (Army), Reaction: You declared a Passive
Charge ability for a friendly Brayherd unit
ARCH-DESPOILERS: The rampaging
FIENDS OF THE WILDS: To the blasting of creatures of the beastherds despise all aspects of
brayhorns come the roaming brayherds, stampeding civilisation, and they will tear down monuments
from all directions to tear the enemy asunder. with their bare hands if necessary.
Effect: Change one of the dice in the charge roll Effect: Add 1 to hit rolls for combat attacks made
to a 4. by friendly Beasts of Chaos units that target an
enemy unit that is contesting an objective you do
not control.
HUNGERING WARHERD THUNDERSCORN STORMHERD
End of Any Turn Your Hero Phase
BLOODGREED: Those beastmen in the throes RAGING STORM:Lightning arcs down to
of the bloodgreed who sate their cursed hunger for the battlefield, imbuing the Thunderscorn with
flesh are all but impossible to put down. renewed vigour and smiting their enemies with
lethal crackling energy.
Declare: Pick each friendly Warherd unit that
used a Fight ability this turn to be the targets. Declare: Pick each friendly Thunderscorn unit
on the battlefield to be the friendly targets, then
Effect:Heal (3) each target. pick each enemy unit in combat with any friendly
Thunderscorn units to be the enemy targets.
Effect:Heal (1) each friendly target. Then, roll a
D3 for each enemy target, if any. On a 2+, inflict
an amount of mortal damage on the enemy target
equal to the roll.
18
FACTION
RULES

--- Page 19 ---
HEROIC TRAITS
ALPHABEAST INSTINCTS (Hero only)
Once Per Turn, Reaction: Opponent declared a Shoot Your Movement Phase
ability that targeted a friendly Beasts of Chaos unit
BESTIAL CUNNING: Bestial warlords might
DEATH-GRIP: As the enemy brings their lack the tactical nous of trained soldiers, but there
firepower to bear, this general urges their kin to are few creatures more adept at sniffing out an
stay within claw’s grasp of their assailants. enemy’s weakness and violently exploiting it.
Effect: If that friendly Beasts of Chaos unit Declare: Pick up to 3 friendly Beasts of Chaos
is not in combat and is wholly within 18" of this units wholly within 12" of this unit that were set
unit, after the Shoot ability has been resolved, up this turn using the ‘Beastherd Ambush’ ability
that friendly unit can move 2D6". It can move to be the targets.
into combat.
Effect: Each target can immediately move D3". The
targets cannot move into combat during any part
of that move.
Passive
PROPAGATOR OF RUIN: This general seethes
with anarchic power and with their every action
seeks to promulgate the majesty of Chaos.
Effect: While this unit is on the battlefield, you
can use the ‘Rituals of Ruin’ ability twice per
turn in your hero phase instead of once per turn.
You cannot pick the same effect more than once
per turn.
ARTEFACTS OF POWER
ANARCHIC RELICS (Hero only)
Passive Your Movement Phase
SLITHERWRACK HELM: This war-helm BRAYBLAST TRUMPET: Carved from the
was fashioned from the skull of an infamous toad bone of a Shaggoth, the thunderous blasts of this
dragon; its pure repulsiveness causes enemies horn draw the true children of Chaos towards it.
to retch and reel, rendering them helpless in
their disgust. Declare: Pick a friendly non-UniqueBeasts of
ChaosInfantry or Cavalry unit that started
Effect: Subtract 1 from charge rolls for enemy the battle with 2 or more models and that has been
units while they are within 12" of this unit. destroyed to be the target.
Effect: Roll a dice. On a 4+, set up a replacement
Your Hero Phase
unit with half the number of models from the
GNARLSTAFF OF MORGHUR: Infused with target unit (rounding up) wholly within 12"
the corrupting taint of the Shadowgave, the hideous of a battlefield edge and more than 9" from all
mewling sounds emitted by this staff unmake the enemy units.
arcane wards of the enemy.
Declare: Pick a visible enemy unit within 12" of
this unit to be the target.
Effect: Roll a dice. On a 2+, ward rolls cannot be
made for the target for the rest of the turn.
19
FACTION
RULES

--- Page 20 ---
SPELL LORE
LORE OF THE TWISTED WILDS
Your Hero Phase
VILETIDE: A seemingly ceaseless wave of bile, gore and writhing insects crashes into the enemy.
Declare: Pick a friendly Beasts of Chaos Wizard to cast this spell, pick a visible enemy unit within 12"
of them to be the target, then make a casting roll of 2D6.
Effect: Inflict D3 mortal damage on the target. In addition, until the start of your next turn, the target
cannot use commands.
Keywords Spell, Unlimited
Your Hero Phase Your Hero Phase
VICIOUS STRANGLETHORNS: Twisting, DEVOLVE: Delving into the minds of their
thorn-covered vines erupt from the undergrowth to enemies, the shaman magnifies the savage and
ensnare the foe. animalistic parts of their foes’ psyches until they
are little more than growling beasts.
Declare: Pick a friendly Beasts of Chaos
Wizard to cast this spell, pick a visible enemy Declare: Pick a friendly Beasts of Chaos
unit within 12" of them to be the target, then make Wizard to cast this spell, pick a visible enemy
a casting roll of 2D6. non-Hero unit within 12" of them to be the
target, then make a casting roll of 2D6.
Effect: Until the start of your next turn:
Effect: Until the start of your next turn:
• Halve the target’s Move characteristic.
• Subtract 1 from the number of dice rolled when • The target unit has a maximum control score of 1.
making charge rolls for the target, to a minimum • The target cannot use commands.
of 1. • Each time the target moves, if the caster is on
the battlefield, the target must end that move no
Keywords Spell
further from the caster than it was at the start of
the move.
Keywords Spell
20
FACTION
RULES
7
8 7
Twisting,

--- Page 21 ---
MANIFESTATION LORE
BESTIAL MANIFESTATIONS
Your Hero Phase Your Hero Phase
SUMMON WILDFIRE TAURUS: Wisps SUMMON RAVENING DIREFLOCK:
of flame develop into a roaring, charging beast of Dark feathers borne on the wind coalesce to form
black smoke and wildfire. the terrible shapes of the Ravening Direflock.
Declare: If there is not a friendly Wildfire Taurus Declare: If there is not a friendly Ravening
on the battlefield, pick a friendly Beasts of Direflock on the battlefield, pick a friendly
Chaos Wizard to cast this spell, then make a Beasts of Chaos Wizard to cast this spell,
casting roll of 2D6. then make a casting roll of 2D6.
Effect: Set up a Wildfire Taurus wholly within Effect: Set up a Ravening Direflock wholly within
18" of the caster and more than 9" from all 18" of the caster and more than 9" from all enemy
enemy units. units. A Ravening Direflock has 3 parts that must
each be set up within 1" of at least 1 other part.
Keywords Spell, Summon
Keywords Spell, Summon
Your Hero Phase
SUMMON DOOMBLAST DIRGEHORN:
Drawn from beneath the earth, animal bones are
fused into the shape of a giant horn.
Declare: If there is not a friendly Doomblast
Dirgehorn on the battlefield, pick a friendly
Beasts of Chaos Wizard to cast this spell,
then make a casting roll of 2D6.
Effect: Set up a Doomblast Dirgehorn wholly
within 18" of the caster.
Keywords Spell, Summon
‘These hornless weaklings will be ground
beneath our hooves. Their cities will be burned,
their shining towers trampled into dust. Kill!
Gore! Stamp and crush!’
– Lankorr Split-eye,
Beastlord of the Allherd
21
FACTION
RULES
7 7
6
SUMMON DOOMBLAST DIRGEHORN:

--- Page 22 ---
• BEASTS OF CHAOS WARSCROLL • • BEASTS OF CHAOS WARSCROLL •
GREAT BRAY-SHAMAN BEASTLORD
MOVE MOVE
6" 6"
H The Great Bray-Shamans are the soothsayers and H In the merciless society of the Beasts of Chaos, only
T S mystics of the beastherds. What they lack in raw T S the mightiest rise to power. These are the Beastlords,
A L 5 5+A V strength, they make up for with a mastery of Chaos A L 6 4+A V hulking killers who command through intimidation
E E magic that can reduce a foe to a writhing mass of E E and brutality and delight in sinking their man-ripper
H H
2 corrupted flesh. 2 axes into the skulls of their foes.
CONTROL CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Fetish Staff 3 4+ 3+ - D3 Paired Man-ripper Axes
Anti-Hero (+1 Rend), 5 3+ 3+ 1 2
Crit (2 Hits)
Once Per Turn (Army), Your Movement Phase
Passive
INFUSE WITH BESTIAL VIGOUR: Raw chaotic energy
emanates from the Bray-Shaman, imbuing surrounding beastmen with HATRED OF HEROES: A Beastlord reserves their prodigious
unnatural speed. strength and fury for the greatest of the enemy’s champions,
calling upon their followers to witness and join the butchery.
Declare: Pick a friendly Beasts of Chaos unit wholly within 12" of
this unit to be the target. Effect: While this unit is in combat with any enemy Heroes, add 1 to
hit rolls and wound rolls for combat attacks made by friendly Beasts
Effect: For the rest of the turn, the target can use a Run ability and of Chaos units wholly within 12" of this unit.
still use Charge abilities later in the turn.
Reaction: You declared a Fight ability for this unit
CALL OF BATTLE: Beastlords swiftly lead their underlings towards
the foe, desperate to get to grips with the enemy so that the bloodletting
can begin.
Effect: Pick a friendly non-Hero Brayherd Infantry unit that
has not used a Fight ability this turn and is within this unit’s combat
range to be the target. The target can be picked to use a Fight
ability immediately after the Fight ability used by this unit has
been resolved.
Hero, Wizard (1), Infantry Hero, Infantry
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Chaos, Beasts of Chaos, Brayherd Chaos, Beasts of Chaos, Brayherd
22

--- Page 23 ---
• BEASTS OF CHAOS WARSCROLL • • BEASTS OF CHAOS WARSCROLL •
BESTIGORS GORS
MOVE MOVE
6" 6" Gors form the greater mass of a beastherd’s fighting
H Bestigors are the strongest and fiercest of the gor- H force. Taller and more robust than humans, these
T S kin. Clad in stolen armour and wielding two-handed T S
A L E 2 4+ E A V ra a m xe m s, i t n h g e e y n c e h m ar ie g s e t i o n t t o h e th g e r o th u i n c d k w of i t t h h e t h fi e g i h r t h i o n r g n , s A L E 1 5+ E A V vic r i e o l u y s u w po a n rr s i u or p s e w ri i o e r l d n u a m xe b s e a r n s d a n p d it t t e h d e s e w le o m rd e s n . t Th of ey
H H surprise to overcome their foes, crushing their will to
1 before delivering a brutal killing blow. 1 fight with sudden, devastating stampedes.
CONTROL CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Despoiler Axe Hacking Blades
3 4+ 3+ 1 1 2 4+ 3+ - 1
Crit (2 Hits) Crit (2 Hits)
Passive Your Charge Phase
FEROCIOUS ADVANCE: Volleys of enemy fire do nothing to GOR STAMPEDE: Gors gather in massive droves before charging
dissuade these bestial warriors from running down the enemy. their enemies, seeking to overwhelm them with superior numbers and
brutish aggression.
Effect: Subtract 1 from wound rolls for shooting attacks that target
this unit. Declare: If this unit charged this phase, pick an enemy non-Hero
Infantry unit that has fewer models than this unit and is within 1"
of it to be the target.
Reaction: Opponent declared the ‘All-out Defence’ command for a
unit within 6" of this unit Effect: Roll a dice. On a 3+, the target has Strike-last for the rest of
the turn.
DESPOILERS: Bestigors reserve the greatest part of their hatred for
those who rally under the banners of civilisation.
Effect: This unit’s attacks score critical hits on unmodified hit rolls of
5+for the rest of the turn.
Infantry, Champion, Musician (1/10), Infantry, Champion, Musician (1/10),
Standard Bearer (1/10) Standard Bearer (1/10)
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Chaos, Beasts of Chaos, Brayherd Chaos, Beasts of Chaos, Brayherd
23

--- Page 24 ---
• BEASTS OF CHAOS WARSCROLL • • BEASTS OF CHAOS WARSCROLL •
UNGOR RAIDERS UNGORS
MOVE MOVE
6" 6" The most man-like of the gor-kin, Ungors are
H Many Ungors prefer to fight with shortbows, for this H tormented and despised by their stronger cousins.
T S allows them to keep their foes at a safe distance. T S
A L E 1 6+ E A V ri S d k d u le lk t i h n e g i r a b qu ou ar t r o y n w th it e h e h d a g i e ls s o o f f a th rr e o b w a s t t b le e fi fo e r l e d , f a th d e in y g A L E 1 5+ E A V sp Th ite e f y u t l a ly k e t h o r u u t s t t h in ei g r t b h i e t i t r e r s n h e o s r s t s o p n e t a h r e s i i r n e t n o e t m hr i o e a s, t s
H H and bellies and darting away before the foe
1 away into the wilds in search of new victims. 1 can retaliate.
CONTROL CONTROL
RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Gnarled Weapon
Raider Bow 18" 2 4+ 5+ - 1 2 4+ 5+ - 1
Crit (2 Hits)
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Once Per Turn (Army), Any Combat Phase
Jagged Shank
1 4+ 5+ - 1
Crit (2 Hits) FLEET OF HOOF: The wiry agility of the Ungors allows them to
move with great speed while evading enemy attacks, making them
difficult to pin down.
Once Per Turn (Army), Your Hero Phase
HIDDEN VOLLEY: Ungor Raiders are capable of unleashing Effect: If this unit is in combat, roll a dice. On a 3+, this unit can
devastating volleys of arrows from the safety of canopies and vantage immediately use the ‘Retreat’ ability as if it were your movement phase
points. By the time the foe knows where the attacks are coming from, the without any mortal damage being inflicted on it.
Raiders have already moved on.
Declare: If this unit is in reserve in ambush, pick a non-Hero enemy
unit within 12" of a battlefield edge to be the target.
Effect: Roll a number of dice equal to the number of models in this
unit. For each 6, inflict 1 mortal damage on the target. Then, in your
next movement phase, set up this unit on the battlefield using the
‘Beastherd Ambush’ ability. If it is not possible to do so, it is destroyed.
Infantry, Champion, Musician (1/10), Infantry, Champion, Musician (1/10),
Standard Bearer (1/10) Standard Bearer (1/10)
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Chaos, Beasts of Chaos, Brayherd Chaos, Beasts of Chaos, Brayherd
24

--- Page 25 ---
• BEASTS OF CHAOS WARSCROLL • • BEASTS OF CHAOS WARSCROLL •
CENTIGORS TUSKGOR CHARIOTS
MOVE MOVE
10" 10"
H Drunken barbarians who love nothing more than H Tuskgor Chariots are crude but fearsomely powerful
T S T S war machines. Though they appear ramshackle in
A L E 2 5+ E A V a C e b n lo t o ig d o y r s b r c a h w ar l, g t e h a e c h ro a s lf s - t e h q e u b in a e t t w le a fi r e r l i d o r i s n k s n ea o r w c n h a o s f A L E 7 4+ E A V co t n h s e t m ru i c n t t i o o n b , a t t h tl e e s a n r o e r c t a in p g a , b p le o o rc f i w n r e e b a r k u i t n e g s t t e h r a r t i b h l a e u l
H enemies to stomp, smash and brutalise. H
1 2 damage as they smash into the foe.
CONTROL CONTROL
RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Despoiler Weapons
Gutpiercer Spear 8" 1 4+ 3+ 1 D3 4 4+ 3+ 1 1
Crit (2 Hits)
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg Tuskgors’ Iron-hard Tusks
4 5+ 3+ 1 1
Gutpiercer Spear Companion
Anti-Cavalry (+1 Rend), 3 4+ 3+ 1 1
CChhaarrggee ((++11 DDaammaaggee))
Any Charge Phase
Clawed Forelimbs 2 5+ 3+ - 1 TUSKGOR CHARGE: Spurred on by merciless whipping, Tuskgor
Chariots barrel headlong into their foes.
Declare: If this unit charged this phase, pick an enemy unit within 1"
Once Per Turn (Army), Your Movement Phase
of it to be the target.
DRUNKEN REVELRY: Centigors glut themselves on potent brews
made of fermented blood and Chaos-infused oozes that they bring from Effect: Roll a D3. On a 2+, inflict an amount of mortal damage on the
their territories, sending them into a state of drunken bravado in which target equal to the roll.
they are blind to fear and pain.
Effect: This unit can use this ability if it is not in combat. It has
Ward (4+) for the rest of the turn.
Cavalr St y, a C n h d a a m rd p i B o e n a , r M e u r s ( i 1 c / i 5 a ) n (1/5), War Machine
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Chaos, Beasts of Chaos, Brayherd Chaos, Beasts of Chaos, Brayherd
25

--- Page 26 ---
• BEASTS OF CHAOS WARSCROLL • • BEASTS OF CHAOS WARSCROLL •
CHAOS GARGANT RAZORGOR
MOVE MOVE
Lumbering, living totems of corruption, Chaos
8" 10"
H Gargants combine the formidable strength of their H Razorgors are mountains of twisted flesh and wiry
T S kind with all manner of gruesome mutations. T S hair possessed of a vicious fury and a bottomless
A L12 5+A V Swinging crude weapons and hollering at the top A L 4 5+A V appetite. They gobble their prey down in a few
E E of their lungs, they throw themselves into the thick E E gulping bites, consuming flesh, metal, wood and
H H
5 of battle, stomping and crushing their foes beneath 1 stone alike.
their cloven hooves.
CONTROL CONTROL
RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Large Tusks and Hooves
Throwin’ Rocks 12" 1 5+ 2+ 2 D3 5 4+ 2+ - 2
Charge (+1 Damage)
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Passive
Massive Club 4 4+ 2+ 1 2
BEAST
Effect: This unit has a maximum control score of 1.
’Eadbutt 1 4+ 2+ 2 4
Passive
Mighty Kick 1 4+ 2+ 2 D3
FEED ON MANGLED REMAINS: Such is the appetite and
metabolism of a Razorgor that it can consume a slain warrior, armour
and all, in a matter of seconds and still remain unsatisfied.
Once Per Turn (Army), Any Combat Phase
WHIPPED INTO A FRENZY: The leaders of a beastherd often goad Effect: Each time this unit uses a Fight ability, after that Fight
gargants so as to send them into a berserk rage. ability has been resolved, Heal (D3) this unit.
Effect: If this unit is within 6" of any friendly Beasts of Chaos
Heroes, add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of this unit’s melee
weapons for the rest of the turn.
Keywords Rampage
Passive
TIMBERRRRR!: A dying gargant is a weapon of ruin in its own
right, though it is anyone’s guess where their body will fall.
Effect: When this unit is destroyed, before removing it from play, the
players must roll off. The winner picks a point on the battlefield within
3" of this unit. Inflict D3 mortal damage on each unit (friendly and
enemy) within 3" of that point that has a lower Health characteristic
than this unit.
Monster Beast
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Chaos, Beasts of Chaos Chaos, Beasts of Chaos
26

--- Page 27 ---
• BEASTS OF CHAOS WARSCROLL • • BEASTS OF CHAOS WARSCROLL •
BULLGORS DOOMBULL
MOVE MOVE
6" 6"
H Bullgors are hulking, taurine monstrosities H Doombulls are the strongest and most ferocious of
T S consumed by the need to stuff their mouths with T S their kind, swollen with muscle and as broad as they
A L 4 5+A V raw flesh and blood. They are the shock troops A L 8 5+A V are tall. They feast upon only the worthiest foes,
E E of the greatfrays, capable of smashing their way E E sating their bloodgreed with the gore of champions
H H
1 through almost any shieldwall or line of pikes. 2 and heroes.
CONTROL CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Man-splitter Axes 4 4+ 2+ 1 2 Slaughterer’s Axe 4 4+ 2+ 1 3
Iron-capped Horns Alphabeast Horns
2 5+ 3+ - 2 2 4+ 2+ - 2
Charge (+1 Damage) Charge (+1 Damage)
Any Charge Phase Any Charge Phase
WARHERD CHARGE: When a warherd charges, the enemy is sent ALPHA CHARGE: A Doombull is a living, snorting siege engine, and
flying through the air by the force of the impact. their headlong charge can shatter entire enemy formations.
Declare: If this unit charged this phase, pick an enemy unit within 1" Declare: If this unit charged this phase, pick an enemy unit within 1"
of it to be the target. of it to be the target.
Effect: Roll a dice for each model in this unit. For each 2+, inflict 1 Effect: Roll a D3. On a 2+, inflict an amount of mortal damage on the
mortal damage on the target. target equal to the roll.
Once Per Turn (Army), Any Charge Phase
SLAUGHTERER’S CALL: A feral roar by the Doombull alerts
the warherd to the scent of flesh on the wind, sending them into an
attacking frenzy.
Declare: Pick a friendly Warherd unit that is not in combat and is
wholly within 12" of this unit to be the target.
Effect: For the rest of the turn, add 1 to the number of dice rolled
wwhheenn mmaakkiinngg cchhaarrggee rroollllss ffoorr tthhee ttaarrggeett,, ttoo aa mmaaxxiimmuumm ooff 33..
Infant S r t y a , n C d h a a r m d p i B o e n a , r M e u r s ( i 1 c / i 3 a ) n (1/3), Hero, Infantry
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Chaos, Beasts of Chaos, Warherd Chaos, Beasts of Chaos, Warherd
27

--- Page 28 ---
• BEASTS OF CHAOS WARSCROLL • • BEASTS OF CHAOS WARSCROLL •
CYGOR GHORGON
MOVE MOVE
8" Cygors are blind to the physical world but can sense 8" The terrifying, four-armed colossi known as
H and follow the trails of magic that permeate reality. H Ghorgons are cursed with an unquenchable desire
T S T S
L15 5+A They seek out sorcerers, wizards and other beings L15 5+A for raw meat. Even as they hack and kill with bladed
A E E V rich in eldritch power, cramming these spellcasters A E E V forelimbs, a second pair of arms stuffs ruptured
H into their slavering maws and feasting upon the raw H corpses and strips of flesh into the Ghorgon’s
5 magic that spills from their broken bodies. 5 drooling maw.
CONTROL CONTROL
RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit WndRnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Desecrated Boulder Butchering Blades
15" 1 4+ 2+ 2 D3+3 7 4+ 2+ 1 3
Shoot in Combat Anti-Infantry (+1 Rend)
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit WndRnd Dmg
Huge Slavering Maw 2 4+ 2+ 1 D6
Massive Horns
Anti-Manifestation 6 4+ 2+ 1 2
(+1 Rend) Passive
BATTLE DAMAGED
Passive Effect: While this unit has 10 or more damage points, the Attacks
characteristic of its Butchering Blades is 4.
BATTLE DAMAGED
Effect: While this unit has 10 or more damage points, the Attacks
characteristic of its Massive Horns is 4. Once Per Turn (Army), Any Combat Phase
SWALLOW WHOLE: The huge, cavernous maw of a Ghorgon can
Once Per Turn (Army), Any Combat Phase swallow a man whole – a grisly fate for any warrior.
CONSUME ENDLESS SPELL: A Cygor perceives mystic evocations Declare: Pick an enemy unit in combat with this unit to be the target.
as they are being formed, swallowing manifested spells as easily as the
Effect: Roll a dice. If the roll exceeds the target’s Health characteristic:
wizards that summoned them.
• 1 model in the target unit is slain.
Declare: Pick an Endless Spell within 9" of this unit to be
• Heal (X) this unit, where X is an amount equal to the roll.
the target.
Keywords Rampage
Effect: Roll 2D6. If the roll exceeds the target’s
Banishment characteristic:
• The target is banished.
• Heal (X) this unit, where X is an amount equal to the roll.
Keywords Rampage
Passive
SOUL-EATER: Feeding off the swirling winds of magic, Cygors pose
an incredible threat to spellcasters.
Effect: This unit can use Unbind abilities as if it had Wizard (1).
Each time this unit unbinds a spell, inflict D3 mortal damage on
the caster.
Monster Monster
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Chaos, Beasts of Chaos, Warherd Chaos, Beasts of Chaos, Warherd
28

--- Page 29 ---
• BEASTS OF CHAOS WARSCROLL • • BEASTS OF CHAOS WARSCROLL •
DRAGON OGOR
DRAGON OGORS
SHAGGOTH
MOVE MOVE
8" Imposing creatures with muscular, humanoid torsos 8"
H and the lower bodies of draconids, Dragon Ogors H Dragon Ogor Shaggoths are ancient and powerful
T S T S beings imbued with the coruscating power of
A L E 5 4+ E A V w a i r t e h f a o h rm ea i d d l a o b n l g e w ch a a r r r g io e r , s la . s Th hi e n y g o o v u e t r r w u i n th t h cr e a ir c k fo li e n s g A L E 10 4+ E A V t t h h e e m sto se r l m ve . s W tr h e e m n b t l h e e a y n g d o f t o o e s w a a r r e , t h h e e w m n o a u p n a t r a t i b n y s
H storm-weapons and obliterating their enemies in a H
2 tempestuous rage. 2 the score.
CONTROL CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Storm-forged Weapons Crackling Bolts
Crit (Mortal) 4 4+ 2+ 1 2 Crit (2 Hits), 12" 2D6 4+ 3+ 1 1
Shoot in Combat
Raking Foreclaws 2 5+ 3+ - 1 MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Storm-forged Axe
6 3+ 2+ 1 3
Crit (Mortal)
Any Combat Phase
SPEED OF AN AVALANCHE: Despite their formidable size,
Reaction: Opponent declared a Spell ability
Dragon Ogors can move as swift as an avalanche, often surprising
enemies who foolishly charge them. SCION OF THE PRIMORDIAL STORM: The untrammelled
fury of the primordial storm flows through this creature, a fulminating
Effect: If this unit did not charge this turn and is in combat with an power so intense that it can render malevolent sorceries harmless.
enemy unit that charged this turn, roll a dice. On a 4+, this unit has
Strike-first for the rest of the turn. Effect: If this unit or a friendly Dragon Ogors unit wholly within 12"
of this unit was picked to be the target of that spell, roll a dice. On a
4+, ignore the effect of that spell on this unit or that friendly unit. This
unit can use this ability more than once per phase but only once per
Spell ability.
Once Per Turn (Army), End of Any Turn
BENEATH THE TEMPEST: Dark clouds gather above the
battlefield, threatening to unleash the fury of the tempest.
Declare: Pick each enemy unit in combat with this unit to be
the targets.
Effect: Roll a dice. On a 2+, Heal (X) this unit, where X is an amount
equal to the roll. Then, roll a D3 for each target. On a 2+, inflict an
amount of mortal damage on the target equal to the roll.
Keywords Rampage
Cavalry Hero, Monster, Wizard (1)
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Chaos, Beasts of Chaos, Thunderscorn Chaos, Beasts of Chaos, Thunderscorn
29

--- Page 30 ---
• BEASTS OF CHAOS WARSCROLL • • BEASTS OF CHAOS WARSCROLL •
BEASTS OF CHAOS
CHAOS WARHOUNDS
CHAOS SPAWN
MOVE MOVE
2D6" 10"
H Utterly devolved in both body and mind by the H Lean, vicious and hideously mutated, Chaos
T S corrupting power of pure anarchy, the hideous T S Warhounds are products of the hellish environments
A L 5 5+A V creatures known as Chaos Spawn lurch into battle, A L 2 6+A V in which they dwell. They are tireless pursuers that
E E lashing out with whip-like tendrils and scything E E will chase their prey for hours before ripping them to
H H
1 talons in a maddened frenzy. 1 bloody shreds.
CONTROL CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Freakish Mutations Canine Jaws
2D6 5+ 4+ - 1 2 4+ 3+ - 1
Crit (2 Hits), Companion Companion
Passive Passive
BEAST BEAST
Effect: This unit has a maximum control score of 1. Effect: This unit has a maximum control score of 1.
Reaction: You declared a Charge ability for this unit
OUTRUNNERS OF CHAOS: Packs of Chaos Warhounds close upon
their prey with unnatural quickness.
Effect: Change one of the dice in the charge roll to a 4.
Beast Beast
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Chaos, Beasts of Chaos Chaos, Beasts of Chaos
30

--- Page 31 ---
• BEASTS OF CHAOS WARSCROLL • • BEASTS OF CHAOS WARSCROLL •
COCKATRICE JABBERSLYTHE
MOVE MOVE
12" 10"
H A Cockatrice is a fell creature that dwells in the H Jabberslythes are nightmarish fusions of reptile,
T S harshest wastelands of the Mortal Realms. Its cursed T S amphibian and insect, with sharp claws and a spiked
A L 8 5+A V gaze can transform a foe into a screaming statue, A L12 4+A V tail that can punch through solid steel. They are so
E E while its raking talons and cruel beak shred flesh and E E unearthly in their hideousness that to merely look
H H
1 muscle effortlessly. 5 upon one is to risk insanity.
CONTROL CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Stabbing Beak and Talons 5 4+ 2+ 1 2 Slythey Tongue
Companion Shoot in Combat, 8" 3 4+ 2+ 1 D3
Companion
Passive MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
BEAST Vorpal Claws and Tail
Effect: This unit has a maximum control score of 1. Companion 6 4+ 2+ 1 2
Once Per Turn (Army,) Your Shooting Phase Once Per Turn (Army), Any Combat Phase
PETRIFYING GAZE: As a Cockatrice surges forwards, its eyes begin AURA OF MADNESS: Those who gaze upon a Jabberslythe are
to glow with warping energy, transfixing foes where they stand. soon overcome by a babbling madness, rendering them easy prey for
the creature.
Declare: Pick a visible enemy unit within 12" of this unit to be
the target. Declare: Roll a D3. On a 2+, pick up to a number of enemy units equal
to the roll that are within 9" of this unit to be the targets.
Effect: Roll a dice for each model in the target unit. For each 6, inflict
1 mortal damage on the target. If any damage points are allocated to Effect: For the rest of the turn, each time the unmodified hit roll for a
the target by this ability, the target has Strike-last for the rest of combat attack made by the target is 1, inflict 1 mortal damage on the
the turn. target after the Fight ability has been resolved.
Keywords Rampage
Beast, Fly Monster, Fly
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Chaos, Beasts of Chaos Chaos, Beasts of Chaos
31

--- Page 32 ---
MOVE
• BEASTS OF CHAOS WARSCROLL •
10"
H
L T 12 5+ S A CHIMERA
A V
E E
H
5
RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
CONTROL
Brimstone Breath
12" 6 2+ 4+ - 1
Shoot in Combat, Companion
Warped and ravenous alpha- MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
predators of the Chaos wilds,
Chimeras are tri-headed Chimeric Heads 6 4+ 2+ 1 D3
abominations that descend from Companion
the skies to overwhelm their
Mauling Claws
prey. Three monstrous heads rip, 6 4+ 2+ - 2
tear and spit streams of fire even Crit (2 Hits), Companion
as the beast’s vicious claws maul
and mutilate.
Once Per Turn (Army), Any Combat Phase
THRICEFOLD SAVAGERY: Each head of a Chimera
operates independently of the others, and though they are
prone to violent disagreement as to which prey they should
hunt, they are capable of working in terrifying concert.
Effect: Roll 3 dice. For each 4+, add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of this unit’s Chimeric Heads for the rest
of the turn.
Keywords Rampage
Monster, Fly
KEYWORDS
Chaos, Beasts of Chaos
32

--- Page 33 ---
• BEASTS OF CHAOS WARSCROLL • • BEASTS OF CHAOS WARSCROLL •
DOOMBLAST
WILDFIRE TAURUS
DIRGEHORN
MOVE MOVE
- 12" Wildfire Tauruses are summoned from the fires
H Wrought from coalesced Chaos energies, the H of the largest herdstones. They take the shape of
T S Doomblast Dirgehorn emits an unending, dolorous T S
A L E 7 6+ E A V cac b o l p a h s o t n th y a s t t d ri r p o s w t n h s o s o e u i t n a e ll a t r h s o h u o g t h o t f . t Th he e ir h s o a w n l i i t n y g a nd A L E 10 6+ E A V m g a a s r s g e a d n r tu an an k s fl o a f m a i r n m g o b u u r l e l d s, w st a a r m ri p o e r d s, i n se g t t t i h n r g o u fl g e h sh
H H ablaze and flattening those not consumed in
7+ reduces skilled warriors to fumbling fools. 8+ the conflagration.
BANISHMEN T BANISHMEN T
Passive MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
BOOMING CACOPHONY: In the terrible blasting of the Dirgehorn Taurine Horns
6 4+ 2+ 2 D3
can be heard the bestial growls of a thousand beastherds. Charge (+1 Damage)
Effect: When this Manifestation is set up, the range of this ability
is 6". Subtract 1 from wound rolls for attacks made by enemy units Any Charge Phase
while they are within range of this Manifestation’s ability. TRAIL OF DESTRUCTION: Warriors are sent sprawling, set aflame
and trampled underhoof as the Wildfire Taurus charges headlong
through their ranks.
Start of Battle Round
LOUDER AND LOUDER: The maddening blast of this foul magic Declare: If this unit charged this phase, pick an enemy unit within 1"
grows ever more deafening until all within a dozen leagues can hear it. of it to be the target.
Effect: Increase the range of this Manifestation’s ‘Booming Effect: Roll a number of dice equal to the unmodified charge roll. For
Cacophony’ ability by 6". This effect can be applied multiple times to each 4+, inflict 1 mortal damage on the target. If any damage points
this Manifestation and is cumulative. If this Manifestation is are allocated to the target by this ability, the target has Strike-last
removed from play, this effect no longer applies. for the rest of the turn.
Manifestation, Endless Spell, Ward (6+) Manifestation, Endless Spell, Fly, Ward (6+)
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Chaos, Beasts of Chaos Chaos, Beasts of Chaos
33

--- Page 34 ---
• BEASTS OF CHAOS WARSCROLL • • BEASTS OF CHAOS WARSCROLL •
RAVENING DIREFLOCK HERDSTONE
MOVE MOVE
16" -
H The spectral crows of a Ravening Direflock are H Herdstones are the sites at which the Beasts of Chaos
T S harbingers of doom, filling the minds of those who T S carry out their savage rituals. Wrought from the
A L 6 6+A V hear their piercing caws with an inescapable sense of A L14 4+A V Chaos-infused substance of the realms, from them
E E dread. They circle over the battlefield, harrying those E E spills the corruptive taint of the anarchic wilds to
H H
7+ who try to flee the carnage. - bleed freely into the land.
BANISHMEN T
CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg The following universal terrain abilities apply to this terrain feature
(Terrain, 1.2):
Murderous Beaks 6 4+ 5+ 1 1
Cover, Unstable
Passive
Passive
ENTROPIC LODESTONE: As the corrupting influence of the
MULTIPLE PARTS
herdstone spreads, buildings, armour and other trappings of civilisation
Effect: When a number of damage points equal to this
begin to crumble to dust, allowing even the crude weapons of the Beasts
Manifestation’s Health characteristic are allocated to it, this
of Chaos to cut through their defences with ease.
Manifestation is destroyed and all of its parts are removed
from play. Effect: From the second battle round onwards, add 1 to the Rend
characteristic of melee weapons used by friendly Beasts of Chaos
Each time this Manifestation moves, each of its parts must end
units while they are wholly within 24" of this terrain feature.
within 1" of at least 1 other part.
If this terrain feature is wholly within 18" of the centre of the
Each part of this Manifestation is armed with Murderous Beaks.
battlefield, this ability affects all friendly Beasts of Chaos units on
the battlefield instead of those wholly within 24" of it.
Passive
HARBINGERS OF DARK OMENS: Those who hear the cawing
of these fell creatures experience terrifying visions of their own
impending doom.
Effect: Subtract 5 from the control scores of enemy units while they
are within 12" of this unit.
Manifestation, Endless Spell, Fly, Ward (6+) Faction Terrain
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Chaos, Beasts of Chaos Chaos, Beasts of Chaos
34

--- Page 35 ---
PRODUCED BY THE WARHAMMER DESIGN STUDIO
With thanks to The Faithful and The Loretesters for their invaluable services.
Chaos Battletome: Beasts of Chaos © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2024. Chaos Battletome: Beasts of Chaos, GW, Games Workshop, Warhammer, Warhammer
Age of Sigmar, Battletome, Stormcast Eternals, the ‘winged-hammer’ Warhammer logo, and all associated logos, illustrations, images, names, creatures, races, vehicles,
locations, weapons, characters, and the distinctive likenesses thereof, are either ® or TM, and/or © Games Workshop Limited, variably registered around the world.
All Rights Reserved.
Permission to download/print for personal use only.
This is a work of fiction. All the characters and events portrayed in this book are fictional, and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidental.
Pictures used for illustrative purposes only.
Certain Citadel products may be dangerous if used incorrectly and Games Workshop does not recommend them for use by children under the age of 16 without adult
supervision. Whatever your age, be careful when using glues, bladed equipment and sprays and make sure that you read and follow the instructions on the packaging.
Games Workshop Ltd., Willow Road, Lenton, Games Workshop Limited – Irish branch
Nottingham, NG7 2WS, United Kingdom Unit 3, Lower Liffey Street, Dublin 1, D01 K199, Ireland
