--- Page 1 ---
®
DESTRUCTION BATTLETOME
BONESPLIT TERZ

--- Page 2 ---
The throaty roar of the orruk resounds across the realms. It is a challenge to
every living being in existence.
These musclebound, red-eyed killers want nothing more than to indulge their
thirst for battle, time and time again, until their fists are raw and their tusks
drip with blood. The enemies of the warclans are many, and they like it that
way. If they run out of foes to slaughter, they make new ones or else attack one
another. Death holds little fear for them, for they were born to fight, and they
care not why.
The orruks are the true inheritors of the Realm of Beasts, for there are no races
more ferocious, more bestial of spirit, nor better suited to a life of constant
hardship. The travails that see the veterans of Sigmar’s crusades fall by the
wayside are the stuff of daily life to orruks. Each new offensive brought against
them is a thing of joy, for to them, showing their supremacy by shattering
civilisation’s grip is the greatest of victories. When they join their voices
in a wordless bellow of battle-lust, the pulsing green energy of their deity
Gorkamorka turns their fractious tribes from a rabble into an unstoppable tidal
wave of violence. Through strife, the orruks find strength, and the strongest
always rise to the top.
So it is that the primal roar of the orruk soul ebbs and flows across the realms.
It can be all but silent on the hunt or near enough ignored by those behind
high walls. But it is always there, always over the stony horizon or borne to the
cusp of hearing by the hot winds of war. It grows louder, and louder still, until
it drowns out the harsh cries of the damned, the howling of the gheist, and the
righteous thunder of Sigmar’s chosen. This is the din that echoes from war
incarnate, and it will shiver the lands until the stars of Azyr grow dark.

--- Page 4 ---
A VISION IN DA GREEN
The Hour of Ruin was heralded by a cataclysm. The the Bonesplitterz’ slaughter of the realm-spirits, their
earth broke apart as the air turned acrid and foul, distancing of themselves from the Skaven, or a magical
rats spilled from the realmcrust like blood from an ppuurrggaattiioonn ooff tthhee mmiinndd iiss uunnkknnoowwnn..
infected wound, and the sky was rent asunder by the
ominous clangour of age-old bells.
‘Green is best, but not dis green. Dis green gives
me a bad ’ead.’
The Bonesplitterz tribes were well used to earthquakes,
landslides and hurricanes, yet none had known a – Gurkak Weirdteef
disaster such as this. Emerald cracks appeared in reality
as the fateful moment arrived, turning the green tinge
of their vision into a bubbling, blinding heat. The Great As rumours trickle back to the heartlands of each realm,
Green, the spiritual thrum of their god Gorkamorka that more and more Bonesplitterz are taking this pilgrimage
so guided them upon their destructive path, was shot in the hope of a cure – and some catastrophically
through with something foul. The visions it induced magical monster-bashing. Yet for such large populations
were now spidered with cracks of an uglier, more lurid of orruks to agree on one thing is impossible, and some
hue: that of the Great Horned Rat and his warpstone- Bonesplitterz tribes indeed took a different path after
fuelled packs of vermin. A few Aqshian orruk tribes their big ruckus, unwilling to seemingly run away from
that pillaged the Adamantine Chain found themselves the fight that had started right on their doorstep. The
driven mad overnight, unable to escape the sound of Icebone in particular have declared that the fastest
bells bouncing around their brainpans or dreaming way to clear their heads is to stomp on as many rats as
of rats spilling from every corpse they bludgeoned in possible, as fast as possible. The simplicity of this plan
Gorkamorka’s name. With the Great Green tainted has proved alluring, and large numbers
thus, it was hard to tell where dreams ended and the real of Bonesplitterz have been sighted
world began. charging off into the wastelands
of the Gnaw in Aqshy, straight
All across the Mortal Realms, the leaders of the into the Lands Anathema –
Bonesplitterz sought out their fellow shamans for those places so twisted by the
answers. Some suggested kicking in their mates’ heads corruptive energies of Chaos
until their haziness cleared. Others said that krumping that they warp and twist all who
large numbers of Skaven was the way to do it. Naturally, step upon them.
their disagreements led to one massive punch-up
instead. After a great gathering of Bonesplitterz fought Yet the fury of the Bonesplitterz
for three days straight, many of the shamans began to at the taint wrought upon them burns
feel a strange sense of calm. The more bones they broke brighter than any warpstone fires,
and heads they smashed together, the less distracting the and many now fight deep within the
thrum in their heads became, as if Gorkamorka himself ravaged warrens, hacking down
was grinning down upon their bloody antics. Never Skaven and piling up the bodies.
had the path forward been so clear to the Bonesplitterz: Alone, a single ratman might seem
destruction was, and always had been, the answer. like a meagre threat, but for a tribe
to take on a species of countless
The shamans proposed that they would journey to each millions is a challenge rivalling
realm’s Perimeter Inimical, where the magic of the land those given to Gorkamorka by
was so intense that it coalesced into wild elemental Sigmar so many centuries ago. Thus
beings known as Incarnates. They would then bash said have the divergent Bonesplitterz
Incarnates back into the ground until the realm itself announced that they will bash
calmed down. Some believed the undiluted realm-magic in the heads of every Skaven
released upon the demise of the Incarnates would heal and offer them up to their
their spiritual fractures, whilst others thought that god – or else will not think to
it would help the land become less weird. Either way, return at all.
hundreds of thousands of orruks began migrating
to their respective realm’s edges in search of this
cleansing violence.
This mass exodus saw varying degrees of success.
Those that strayed further into the dangerously
concentrated magic of the Perimeters Inimical
indeed found their perception of the Great Green was
restored, the wild beat of Gorkamorka’s war drums
returning untainted. Whether this was truly due to
4

--- Page 5 ---
MASTERS OF THE
PRIMAL HUNT
The Bonesplitterz may look primitive, eschewing even iron and bronze in their contempt for technology, but
they remain the foremost hunters of the Realm of Beasts. Of all the orruks, it is they who excel the most in
taking down the largest and most dangerous prey – their entire world view is built around it, in fact.
WURRGOG PROPHETS learning or engaging in debate. In truth, there is little
The head shamans that guide each Bonesplitterz tribe need, for they possess a great and bone-deep wisdom,
have an authority greater than even the Big Bosses as if they have tapped into some primal cosmic truth.
who lead the charge. They are the undisputed leaders Behind their outlandish acts and appearance lies an
of the Bonesplitterz warclans, and entire nations of arcane logic. The mask each Prophet wears is imbued
devoted green disciples hang on their every manic with the essence of the most fearsome creatures he has
proclamation and garbled augury. They are prophets in slain, his warpaint is made from mystical unguents
the truest sense of the word, for they are closest of all to and the ground-up bones of magical beasts, and his
an understanding of Gorkamorka’s will, and no matter tatterdemalion hide cloak lends its former owner’s
how surreal or counter-intuitive their commands, they toughness to every inch of his gnarled green skin. When
usually end up taking the warclan closer to victory – it comes to the day of battle, the Wurrgog Prophet
even if it is by a very roundabout route. truly comes into his own, summoning the power of
Gorkamorka in great clouds of ectoplasmic green energy
Hulking great creatures that wear garish wooden masks to crack the land, wrench up trees, flatten the enemy
as they hop from foot to foot, these elder orruks are an with giant fists or literally hurl his tribe-mates into the
intimidating sight, guttural growls spilling from their fray. The most celebrated of all the Prophet’s spells is
maws as the tattered skins of the monsters they have the Foot of Gork, a massive conjuration in the shape
killed flap behind them. They are a far cry from the of a gnarled green foot that descends from the skies
wizards and sorcerers of other nations, for they have to squash dozens of enemies with each stomp as the
no interest in poring over scrolls, visiting centres of shaman cackles and hollers in joy at the sight.
5

--- Page 6 ---
WARDOKKS Whether preferring to ‘get stabby up close’ or ‘stick ’em
The Wardokk is both a champion and a healer to his from a distance’, the Savage Orruks adorn themselves
fellow orruks, albeit one of a very unusual kind. All with much the same trappings. Dangling ear-rocks and
Bonesplitterz are good at ritual dance and chanting, but bone piercings are much in evidence, and occasionally
when the Wardokk does it, the energies of Gorkamorka they adorn their thick skin with teeth or tusks taken
can actually protect, heal or invigorate those around him. from a particularly impressive kill. They will bind the
Usually working under the orders of a Wurrgog Prophet, remains of their kills to their arms, torsos and faces with
it is his job to rile up the boys and get them good and tough leather and cured sinew; some even use shields
ready for the fight, whether through rhythmic war dances, made from strapped bone or ivory. All of this recycled
feeding them squig jerky laced with odd concoctions or beast-matter, when combined with the rank sweat of
giving them a simple smack around the head with his their exertions, conspires to give them a distinctive
bonebeast stikk. Tattoos glow with extra power, greenskin earthy stink. One of the first lessons a Savage Orruk
wizards syphon more energy from the air and hideous learns is to hunt downwind of their prey, for even the
wounds heal and close over as the Wardokk taps into his largest monsters of the Realm of Beasts have learnt to be
strange but undeniably effective powers. wary of the scent of the Savage Orruk. Unencumbered as
they are by armour or other pieces of weighty wargear,
they can move surprisingly swiftly, even if they are
MANIAK WEIRDNOBS hunting as an entire army rather than a small warparty.
Bouncing wildly atop his unruly porcine steed, each
Maniak Weirdnob leads his fellow boar riders into battle
with abandon. These Weirdnobs have been pushed over SAVAGE BIG BOSSES
the edge by the power of Gorkamorka rattling around Led by the largest and boldest of their number, it is
in their skulls, and love nothing more than unleashing often the Savage Orruks at the fore of a Waaagh! assault,
devastating magic only to then ride swiftly after it to see the atavistic greenskins surging forward with a great
the carnage it wreaks first-hand. It is they who lead the outpouring of energy. Every minute spent keeping
grunting, pounding Snaga Rukks on the hunt – though quiet and careful on the hunt grates against the wild
a more accurate description might be that mobs of boar- spirit inside them and sees the store of manic energy in
mounted Bonesplitterz have simply learnt to follow the their souls grow a little more intense. On the hour of
erratic paths of the Weirdnobs Maniaks, for they have battle, the Big Bosses finally give vent to a resounding
a knack for sniffing out the best fights – or perhaps just battle cry, and all that pent-up energy is unleashed in a
instigating them. deafening bellow that shakes the bones of all who hear it.
The Big Bosses that lead such charges know how best to
ride the crest of the resultant wave. Each is a maelstrom
SAVAGE ORRUKS of violence who inspires the boys not with pretty
The majority of each Bonesplitterz tribe is made up of speeches or promises of wealth, but by hacking the foe
Savage Orruks. This is not a name they give themselves to bloody chunks with a colossal chompa and laughing
but rather an epithet given by their fellow greenskins, raucously all the while.
for even Ironjawz consider these near-naked terrors as
a bit strange. The same can be said in return, for the
Bonesplitterz look askance at the Ironjawz – why spend
your days clad in half a ton of metal if it’s going to slow HEDKRAKKA’S MADMOB
you down on the charge, meaning you get into the scrap The Bonesplitterz gang known as Hedkrakka’s
when the best of the fighting’s already done? Savage Madmob spent a considerable amount of time
Orruk hunting parties wander the lands in close-knit following Kragnos during the Era of the Beast. As
tribes, staring intently at the sky one moment and with all orruks, the incessant beat that coincided
stealthily waddling forwards the next as they sniff the with the return of the Drogrukh god spurred this
ground for traces of their monstrous prey. In battle they Wurrgog Prophet’s warband to spectacular feats of
attack in a vicious frenzy of excitement, moving far faster violence. Yet Hedkrakka claimed to be different: he
than creatures of their muscular bulk should be able to. styled himself as the Gob of Gork, claiming to speak
Gorkamorka’s own words, so deeply did he feel
The weapons these hunters wield are simple but connected to the Great Green. Perhaps this was why
effective things, made of strong wood and knapped his spirit-sight was affected so dramatically when
flint, leystone or carved monster-bone. Some Savage the Vermindoom struck. Yellowed spider-cracks
Orruks, known simply as Arrowboys, instead use short permanently marred both his waking vision and
recurve bows of horn or sun-toughened cartilage that his dreams, and revenge upon the scratchy Skaven
they string with beast-gut and use to rain poorly aimed presence in his head was immediately declared.
but enthusiastic volleys of arrows into their prey. Going The Madmob remain in Ghur, slaughtering the
for the eyes is common practice, for where a swift population of any burrows they can find – yet with
barrage of shafts might not pierce the hairy hide of some Hedkrakka’s corruption worsening by the day,
lumbering Ghurish behemoth, the eyes are nearly always the fate of the warrior band hangs precariously in
vulnerable, and a blinded monster will not survive long the balance.
when the warclans are on the hunt.
6

--- Page 7 ---
SAVAGE ORRUK MORBOYS SAVAGE BIG STABBAS
Those Savage Orruks who have become one with the Though death by a thousand cuts is a tried and tested
monstrous soul of Ghur are known as Morboys. They hunting technique within the Bonesplitterz tribes,
have given themselves entirely to the bestial spirits that sometimes you just need a really big spike. Even the
they have drained from the bones of their prey, and have jagged gore-hackas of the Ironjawz won’t cut it when
been possessed by them. They are driven near berserk by it comes to penetrating the scaled skin of an elder
the energies they have harnessed, whether they meant Draconith or the hide of a Lumineth mountain-spirit;
to or not, to the point that they froth at the mouth to fell such a beast would take a weapon that not even
and stomp their feet, eyes rolling wildly, whenever the an orruk could carry. So it is that the Savage Orruks
prospect of bloodletting is at hand. devised the Gorktoof, a spear so large and so redolent
with the destructive energies of the Waaagh! that it has
Forsaking even the bone shields of their former lives, to be carried into battle by two orruks at the same time.
Morboys carry a weapon in each fist, the better to ‘hit
stuff fasta’ or ‘cut ’em up more quicklier.’ Mobs of these Raising the Gorktoof above their heads, the Big Stabbas
war-painted warriors often accompany Wardokks charge forward at full speed, bumping and jostling but
to battle, shuffling and stamping along with him usually managing to go at the same pace in the same
before the bellow of the Waaagh! sends them into a direction. When they close with their monstrous prey
headlong charge. they will surge forward and plunge the Gorktoof home
with all the strength and momentum of their charge, the
There is a wild strength in the Morboys’ beast-possessed first orruk guiding the tip into a chink in the creature’s
frames, and though they tend to rush off and do their armour as the second drives it bone-deep to deliver a
own thing in battle, they can usually be relied upon to killing wound. The effect such a weapon can have on a
go straight for the largest and most impressive quarry human opponent is shocking to say the least.
in the enemy line, buying time for the rest of their
warclan to make war with a bit more cunning. On those The orruk shamans of each tribe claim that Gorkteef
occasions when they pull down a monster through are sacred weapons that take on a part of the spirit of
sheer manic frenzy, they all but glow with Waaagh! the beasts they kill. Whether that is true or not, any
energy that sends them piling on into the next conquest, who see the sheer damage they can wreak cannot deny
tongues lolling and warpaint glowing bright. they are potent weapons. The bravery of these teams is
7

--- Page 8 ---
legendary; even should the Big Stabba team be cooked battle are usually caught in pits, whether driven there by
alive by drakefire or scissored apart by monstrous hollering, drumming orruks or led there through trails
claws, they will hurl their great spear in one last death- of offal. From there they can be left alone to winnow
defying strike that can often take their prey into Shyish’s out the weak – Ghurish boars will eat anything up to
underworlds with them. and including each other – before the fiercest are hauled
from the pits and trained as steeds. All that effort pays
off in battle when the Savage Boarboys thunder en masse
‘They think we’re mad, them uvver lot. They across the field, whooping and howling as they crash
think we’re poor. But we’re rich in meat, tough into the ranks of the foe with bone-pulverising force.
to da bone, strong in spirit. We don’t need none That which is not trampled and gored by their steeds will
of that rustin’ metal or them naff little shootas soon feel the bite of the orruk riders’ chompas.
to give us power. We’re the proper big bosses of
Ghur, and we never give up!’
SAVAGE BOARBOY MANIAKS
– Wardokk Grokkbak Veteran boar riders may become so attuned to their
boars that they speak more in grunts and growls than
they do orruk-speak. Some, possessed by the spirit
of Gorkamorka, become frenzied maniacs that give
SAVAGE BOARBOYS themselves entirely to the rush of battle waged at high
All orruks feel a kinship with bad-tempered swine, and speed. Known as Savage Boarboy Maniaks, they are
the Savage Orruks are no exception. They respect the much like Morboys in temperament, spending their time
totem spirit of the Ghurish boar and seek to become either in a cackling, faraway trance or a bright-eyed,
one with it. Where a Gore-grunta might batter his chest-heaving frenzy. They wield two weapons, the better
steed into submission, the Savage Boarboys take good to hack at the foe, and when a gang of such berserkers
care of their mounts, grooming their bristly flanks and gets together, they spur each other to new heights of
daubing warpaint on them for protection. This does not brutality as their pell-mell charge hits home.
mean they won’t smack a boar around the snout should
it try to gore them; indeed, this is often the only way
to tame them in the first place. The boars they ride to
8

--- Page 9 ---
Wurrgog Prophet Savage Big Boss Maniak Weirdnob
Pig-headed belligerence is a potent weapon in the Bonesplitterz arsenal. They see the undead beasts that haunt the
graveyards of Ghur as affronts to the natural order of things, and they delight in hacking them apart.
9

--- Page 10 ---
10

--- Page 11 ---
BBAATTTTLLEETTOOMMEE
BBOONNEESSPPLLIITTTTEERRZZ
EEvveerryy CCiittaaddeell MMiinniiaattuurree iiss aa uunniiqquuee ppiieeccee ooff tthhee eevveerr--eevvoollvviinngg nnaarrrraattiivvee ooff WWaarrhhaammmmeerr.. IItt iiss,, tthheenn,, aann uunnffoorrttuunnaattee
ttrruutthh tthhaatt wwee ccaann’’tt ccoonnttiinnuuee ttoo sseellll aanndd ssuuppppoorrtt eevveerryy mmooddeell wwee’’vvee eevveerr mmaaddee iinnddeefifinniitteellyy.. AAss wwee mmaakkee nneeww mmooddeellss,,
aanndd nneeww bbooookkss ttoo eexxpplloorree tthheeiirr bbaacckkggrroouunndd aanndd rruulleess,, wwee hhaavvee ttoo ssttoopp pprroodduucciinngg aanndd ffeeaattuurriinngg ssoommee oollddeerr mmooddeellss..
BBuutt jjuusstt lliikkee mmaannyy ooff yyoouu,, wwee ssttiillll ttrreeaassuurree oouurr ccoolllleeccttiioonnss ooff oollddeerr CCiittaaddeell MMiinniiaattuurreess,, aanndd wwee ssttiillll wwaanntt ttoo bbee aabbllee ttoo
uussee tthheemm iinn ggaammeess aanndd ffoorrggee gglloorriioouuss nnaarrrraattiivveess oonn tthhee ttaabblleettoopp!!
CCuurrrreennttllyy,, tthhee rruulleess iinn tthhiiss bbaattttlleettoommee aarree ssttiillll lleeggaall ffoorr uussee iinn ccoommppeettiittiivvee ppllaayy.. HHoowweevveerr,, oonn 11st June 2025, these rules
wwiillll mmoovvee oovveerr ttoo WWaarrhhaammmmeerr LLeeggeennddss.. ThThiiss mmeeaannss tthhaatt tthheeyy wwiillll nnoo lloonnggeerr bbee lleeggaall ffoorr ccoommppeettiittiivvee ppllaayy.. WWhheenn tthhaatt
ttiimmee ccoommeess,, wwee eennccoouurraaggee yyoouu ttoo ccoonnttiinnuuee ttoo uussee yyoouurr ccoolllleeccttiioonn ffoorr ccaassuuaall ppllaayy,, aanndd wwee wwiillll ccoonnttiinnuuee ttoo ssuuppppoorrtt tthhiiss
bbaattttlleettoommee wwiitthh rruulleess uuppddaatteess aass nneeeeddeedd tthhrroouugghhoouutt tthhee ccuurrrreenntt eeddiittiioonn ooff WWaarrhhaammmmeerr AAggee ooff SSiiggmmaarr.. ThThee ffaaccttiioonn
rruulleess aanndd wwaarrssccrroollllss iinn tthhiiss bbaattttlleettoommee aarree ppaarrtt ooff tthhee BBoonneesspplliitttteerrzz ffaaccttiioonn..
RRuulleess uuppddaatteedd aass ooff NNoovveemmbbeerr 22002244..
FFAACCTTIIOONN RRUULLEESS
BBAATTTTLLEE TTRRAAIITTSS
BBoonneesspplliitttteerrzz aarrmmiieess ccaann uussee tthhee ffoolllloowwiinngg aabbiilliittiieess::
Passive Once Per Battle (Army), Your Hero Phase
SPRING THE TRAP: When the prey is finally BONESPLITTERZ WAAAGH!: Their
corralled, the Bonesplitterz launch themselves warpaint blazing with ferocious energy, the
ffoorrwwaarrdd.. TThhee ttiimmee ffoorr kkuunnnniinn’’ iiss oovveerr;; nnooww iitt’’ss ttiimmee Bonesplitterz surge forward under the potent
to get brutal! mystical guidance of their shamans.
Effect: Add 1 to wound rolls for friendly Declare: Pick each friendly Bonesplitterz
Bonesplitterz units that charged in the Wizard and Bonesplitterz Priest to be
same turn. the targets.
Effect: Add 1 to the power level of each target
Once Per Battle, Deployment Phase for the rest of the turn. In addition, friendly
TAKE DA BAIT: When a group of enemies hurl Bonesplitterz units have Ward (5+)for the
themselves at a line of grinnin’ Bonesplitterz, too rest of the turn.
late they realise it was all a trap…
Keywords Waaagh!
Declare: Pick up to 3 friendly Bonesplitterz
units to be the targets. Once Per Turn (Army), Any Charge Phase
MONSTER HUNTERS: Bonesplitterz mobs
Effect: For the rest of the battle, add 1 to the are adept at bringing down the many ferocious
Attacks characteristic of each target’s melee monsters that inhabit the Mortal Realms.
weapons while it is in combat with an enemy unit
that charged in the same turn, and so long as the Declare: Pick a friendly Bonesplitterz unit in
target has not charged during the battle. combat with an enemy Monster to be the target.
Effect: For the rest of the turn, add 1 to wound
rolls for the target’s combat attacks and add 1 to
save rolls for the target.
11
FACTION
RULES

--- Page 12 ---
BATTLE FORMATIONS
YYoouu ccaann ppiicckk 11 ooff tthhee ffoolllloowwiinngg bbaattttllee ffoorrmmaattiioonnss ffoorr aa BBoonneesspplliitttteerrzz aarrmmyy.. EEaacchh bbaattttllee ffoorrmmaattiioonn ggrraannttss aa ddiiffffeerreenntt
ability you can use in the battle.
KUNNIN’ RUKK SNAGA RUKK
Once Per Turn (Army), Your Shooting Phase Passive
SQUINT-EYE TAKTIKS: Whether down to WE’Z DA BEASTIEST: The Boarboys of the
luck, feverishly launched volleys or the simple act Snaga Rukks love smashing into startled enemies,
of squinting one eye to ‘aim proppa’, this rukk’s but having hunted the greatest of beasts, are no
Arrowboys have developed a knack for hitting strangers themselves to being barrelled into by
targets where it hurts. stampeding monsters.
Declare: Pick an enemy unit on the battlefield to Effect: Friendly Bonesplitterz Cavalry units
be the target. have Anti-charge (+1 Rend).
Effect: For the rest of the turn, hit rolls for
shooting attacks made by friendly Savage Orruk
Arrowboys units that target the target unit score
critical hits on unmodified hit rolls of 5+.
KOP RUKK BRUTAL RUKK
Passive Once Per Battle, Deployment Phase
REALM-CHOMPERS: The dokks and bosses TIRELESS TRACKERS: TThhee BBrruuttaall RRuukkkkss
of these orruks have devoured so many beast spirits move at a relentless pace when hunting prey,
that magical essence is devoured by their warpaint. appearing suddenly and giving the enemy no time
in which to prepare.
Effect: Ward rolls cannot be made for enemy units
while they are within the combat range of any Effect: Half the friendly non-Hero
friendly Bonesplitterz Heroes. Bonesplitterz Infantry units on the
battlefield (rounding up) can immediately use
the ‘Normal Move’ ability as if it were your
movement phase.
12
FACTION
RULES

--- Page 13 ---
HEROIC TRAITS
DA BEAST WIVIN (Hero only)
Passive Passive
’ORRIBLE LEER: The awful grin of this orruk KILLA INSTINKT: This keen-eyed orruk
can send chills down the spine of even the most knows exactly where to strike for maximum
blood-crazed monsters. effect, even against the gargantuan beasts of the
Mortal Realms.
Effect: Enemy Monsters cannot use Rampage
abilities while they are in combat with this unit. Effect: This unit’s melee weapons have
Crit (Mortal).
Once Per Battle (Army), Any Hero Phase
ONE WIV DA BEAST: This shaman has
consumed the spirits of many a beast, strengthening
his spiritual connection to the Twin-Headed God.
Effect: The next time this phase that this unit uses
a Spell ability, instead of making a casting roll
for this unit, you can use a value of 6 for the roll
that cannot be modified.
ARTEFACTS OF POWER
BOSS BONES AND OTHER GUBBINZ (Hero only)
Passive Passive
DOKK JUICE: A sip of this brew temporarily GLOWIN’ TATTOOZ: The beast spirits in
grants the imbiber the regenerative qualities of a these tattoos are so fierce that death itself shies
troggoth – if they are able to keep it down for long away from them.
enough, that is.
Effect: This unit has Ward (4+).
Effect: If this unit would be destroyed, before
removing it from play, roll a dice. On a 3+, this
unit is not destroyed and any remaining damage Passive
points inflicted on it have no effect. Then, Heal (1) MONSTA-KILLA CHOMPA: No beast worth
this unit. This unit cannot use this ability again its bones can escape the bite of this boss’s chompa.
for the rest of the battle.
Effect: This unit has Strike-first while it is in
combat with an enemy Beast or Monster.
13
FACTION
RULES

--- Page 14 ---
SPELL LORE
LORE OF THE SAVAGE BEAST
Your Hero Phase
GLOWY GREEN FRENZY: A swirl of green energy coalesces around the boyz, imbuing them with a
terrifying ferocity that drives their strikes with primal strength.
Declare: Pick a friendly Bonesplitterz Wizard to cast this spell, pick a visible friendly unit wholly
within 12" of them to be the target, then make a casting roll of 2D6.
Effect: Add 1 to the Rend characteristic of the target’s melee weapons until the start of your next turn,
including Companion weapons.
Keywords Spell, Unlimited
Your Hero Phase Your Hero Phase
FISTS OF GORK: Great green fists rain down GORKAMORKA’S WAR CRY: TThhee sshhaammaann
from the sky to pummel the foe. ttaakkeess aa hhuuggee gguullpp ooff WWaaaaaagghh!! eenneerrggyy bbeeffoorree lleettttiinngg
out a world-shaking roar.
Declare: Pick a friendly Bonesplitterz
Wizard to cast this spell, pick a visible enemy Declare: Pick a friendly Bonesplitterz
unit within 18" of them to be the target, then make Wizard ttoo ccaasstt tthhiiss ssppeellll,, ppiicckk aa vviissiibbllee eenneemmyy
a casting roll of 2D6. uunniitt wwiitthhiinn 1188"" ooff tthheemm ttoo bbee tthhee ttaarrggeett,, tthheenn mmaakkee
a casting roll of 2D6.
Effect: Roll a dice for each model in the target
unit. For each 5+, inflict 1 mortal damage on Effect: UUnnttiill tthhee ssttaarrtt ooff yyoouurr nneexxtt ttuurrnn,, ssuubbttrraacctt
the target. 11 ffrroomm tthhee nnuummbbeerr ooff ddiiccee rroolllleedd wwhheenn mmaakkiinngg
charge rolls for the target, to a minimum of 1.
Keywords Spell
Keywords Spell
14
FACTION
RULES
6
6 6
Great green fists rain down The shaman

--- Page 15 ---
PRAYER LORE
PRAYERS OF THE LIVING WILDS
Your Hero Phase
BASHDOKK DANCE: Thumping his feet in a hectic rhythm, the Wardokk gets the boyz ready to have a
massive rukk.
Declare: Pick a friendly Bonesplitterz Priest to chant this prayer, pick a visible friendly
Bonesplitterz unit wholly within 12" of them to be the target, then make a chanting roll of D6.
Effect: Add 1 to charge rolls and run rolls for the target for the rest of the turn. If the chanting roll was 7+,
in addition, for the rest of the turn, the target can use Charge abilities even if it used a Run or Retreat
ability in the same turn.
Keywords Prayer, Unlimited
Your Hero Phase Your Hero Phase
GRIMDOKK DANCE: Stamping his feet hard WEIRDOKK DANCE: Dancing to a rhythm
on the ground, the Wardokk drives Gorky energy only they can hear, this erratic beat causes havoc
into nearby ladz, causing rent flesh to knit together, with enemy mystics.
and broken bones to grind back into place.
Declare: Pick a friendly Bonesplitterz Priest
Declare: Pick a friendly Bonesplitterz Priest to chant this prayer. Then make a chanting roll
to chant this prayer, pick a visible friendly of D6.
Bonesplitterz unit wholly within 12" of them
to be the target, then make a chanting roll of D6. Effect: Subtract 1 from chanting rolls and casting
rolls for enemy Priests and Wizards while they
Effect:Heal (3) the target unit or return a number are within 18" of the chanter until the start of your
of slain models to it with a combined Health next turn.
characteristic of up to 3. If the chanting roll for
this prayer was 9+, instead, Heal (6) the target unit In addition, if the chanting roll was 11+, enemy
or return a number of slain models to it with a Priests within 18" of the chanter each lose D6
combined Health characteristic of up to 6. ritual points and enemy Wizards cannot use
Unbind abilities while they are within 18" of the
Keywords Prayer
chanter until the start of your next turn.
Keywords Prayer
15
FACTION
RULES
3
TThhuummppiinngg hhiiss ffeeeett iinn aa hheeccttiicc rrhhyytthhmm,, tthhee WWaarrddookkkk ggeettss tthhee bbooyyzz rreeaaddyy ttoo hhaavvee aa
4 5
SSttaammppiinngg hhiiss ffeeeett hhaarrdd Dancing to a rhythm

--- Page 16 ---
• BONESPLITTERZ WARSCROLL • • BONESPLITTERZ WARSCROLL •
WURRGOG PROPHET SAVAGE BIG BOSS
MOVE MOVE
5" 5"
H Filled with the power of the Waaagh!, the Wurrgog H Savage Big Bosses lead by brutal example, carving
T S Prophets lead the endless beast hunts of the T S a bloody path deep into the ranks of the foe as they
A L 6 6+A V Bonesplitterz warclans. The magic of these powerful A L 6 6+A V sever limbs and hack off heads. At their bellowed
E E wizards is awe-inspiring to behold – that is, for those E E commands, the Bonesplitterz renew their attack,
H H
2 not on the receiving end of their destructive spells. 2 stampeding forth with howls of battle lust.
CONTROL CONTROL
RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Deadly Green Bolts Boss Chompa
10" D6 4+ 2+ 1 D3 6 4+ 3+ 1 3
Shoot in Combat Anti-Monster (+1 Rend)
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Reaction: You declared a Fight ability for this unit
Wurrgog Staff 4 4+ 3+ - D3
HAVIN’ A GOOD OLD RUKK: As the boss gets stuck in, the boyz
nearby can’t help but get involved.
Once Per Battle (Army), Your Shooting Phase Effect: Pick a friendly non-Hero Bonesplitterz Infantry unit
WURRGOG MASK: The shaman taps into the power of their mask, that has not used a Fight ability this turn and is within this unit’s
unleashing the full might of their deadly green bolts – but if they stare combat range to be the target. The target can be picked to use a Fight
too long, their head may explode! ability immediately after the Fight ability used by this unit has been
resolved. If it is picked to do so, add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of
Effect: For the rest of the turn: the target’s melee weapons for the rest of the turn.
• The Attacks characteristic of this unit’s Deadly Green Bolts is 12
instead of D6.
• For each unmodified hit roll of 1 for a shooting attack made by this
unit, inflict D3 mortal damage on this unit after the Shoot ability
has been resolved.
Your Hero Phase 4
SQUIGGLY CURSE: The shaman transforms an enemy into a
tiny squiggly beast. Scooping up the indignant creature, the shaman
bags himself a new squeaky wotsit that he can squeeze to boost
his spells.
Declare: Pick an enemy Hero in combat with the caster to be the
target, then make a casting roll of 2D6.
Effect: Inflict D3 mortal damage on the target. If the target is
destroyed by this spell, add 1 to this unit’s power level for the rest of
the battle.
Keywords Spell, Unlimited
Hero, Wizard (2), Infantry, Ward (6+) Hero, Infantry, Ward (6+)
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Destruction, Bonesplitterz Destruction, Bonesplitterz
16

--- Page 17 ---
• BONESPLITTERZ WARSCROLL • • BONESPLITTERZ WARSCROLL •
MANIAK WEIRDNOB WARDOKK
MOVE MOVE
10" 5"
H Their minds utterly consumed by furious beast H Each Wardokk is a potent shaman, their maddened
T S spirits, Maniak Weirdnobs hurtle into battle atop T S capering a tribute to the Great Green God. The magic
A L 6 5+A V hulking war boars. Their staffs are carved from the A L 5 6+A V of their ritual dances can shield their allies from
E E bones of the mightiest monsters, the caged power E E harm, attract yet more Waaagh! energy, and heal
H H
2 within driving the Bonesplitterz into a deadly fury. 2 even the most grievous of wounds.
CONTROL CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Bonebeast Staff 3 4+ 3+ - D3 Bonebeast Stikk 3 4+ 3+ - D3
War Boar’s Tusks
and Hooves 2 5+ 3+ - 1 Once Per Turn (Army), Your Hero Phase
Charge (+1 Damage),
PRIMAL HEX: With a bellow and vigorous shaking of his Bonebeast
CCCooommmpppaaannniiiooonnn
Stikk, the Wardokk makes it clear that any ‘messin’ about’ will not go
well for the enemy.
Once Per Turn (Army), Any Combat Phase
Declare: Pick an enemy Wizard within 24" of this unit to be
BONE SPIRIT: Maniak Weirdnobs are followed closely into battle by
the target.
other boarboys, their wild cries riling the ornery hogs as much as it gets
the ladz raring for a fight. Effect: Roll a dice. On a 3+, until the start of your next turn, each
time the target uses a Spell or Unbind ability, this unit gains 1
Declare: Pick a friendly Bonesplitterz Cavalry unit within this
ritual point.
unit’s combat range to be the target.
Effect: Roll a dice. On a 3+, add 1 to wound rolls for the target’s
combat attacks for the rest of the turn. This ability also affects
Companion weapons.
Hero, Wizard (1), Cavalry, Ward (6+) Hero, Priest (1), Infantry, Ward (6+)
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Destruction, Bonesplitterz Destruction, Bonesplitterz
17

--- Page 18 ---
• BONESPLITTERZ WARSCROLL • • BONESPLITTERZ WARSCROLL •
SAVAGE ORRUKS SAVAGE BOARBOYS
MOVE MOVE
5" 10"
H Savage Orruks cross the battlefield as a howling tide H Mobs of Savage Boarboys thunder across the land,
T S of tattooed green flesh. As more of these frenzied T S hunting endlessly for new monsters to slay. Their
A L 2 5+A V greenskins mob together, the Waaagh! energy A L 3 5+A V sharp, primitive weapons skewer the enemy with
E E flowing through them grows stronger, until they E E ease, while their snorting war boar mounts trample
H H
1 become akin to a raging storm of primal destruction. 1 over any foolish enough to get in their way.
CONTROL CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Savage Weapons 2 4+ 3+ - 1 Boarboy Weapons 3 4+ 3+ 1 1
War Boar’s Tusks
Passive and Hooves 2 5+ 3+ - 1
Charge (+1 Damage),
THE SAVAGE HORDES: Savage Orruks are the backbone of their
CCCCoooommmmppppaaaannnniiiioooonnnn
warclan, going to battle in great mobs that become wild and intractable
once the fighting gets going.
Passive
Effect: Add 10 to this unit’s control score while it is in combat with
WILD ENTHUSIASM: Between their own flagrant disregard
any enemy units that charged this turn.
for self-preservation and their hogs’ nigh uncontrollable rampages,
Savage Boarboys often barrel right into and through even the most
dangerous enemies.
Effect: This unit can use the ‘Power Through’ command even if it
has not charged this turn. In addition, when you pick a target for
that command, the target does not have to have a lower Health
characteristic than this unit.
Infantry, Champion, Musician (1/10), Cavalry, Champion, Musician (1/5),
Standard Bearer (1/10), Ward (6+) Standard Bearer (1/5), Ward (6+)
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Destruction, Bonesplitterz Destruction, Bonesplitterz
18

--- Page 19 ---
• BONESPLITTERZ WARSCROLL • • BONESPLITTERZ WARSCROLL •
SAVAGE ORRUK
SAVAGE BIG STABBAS
MORBOYS
MOVE MOVE
5" 5"
H Carrying Gorktoof spears, massive weapons capable H Roaring unintelligible war cries, Morboys are
T S of felling a Stardrake, Big Stabbas seek to slay the T S amongst a Bonesplitterz warclan’s deadliest warriors.
A L 4 6+A V greatest of beasts. Even should these daring orruks A L 2 6+A V Each possesses a deep connection to the wild spirit of
E E be killed, they will hurl their huge spears to bring E E Gorkamorka, growing stronger and more manic as
H H
1 down their target in a final act of defiance. 1 monstrous foes are slain around them.
CONTROL CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Gorktoof Paired Savage Weapons 3 4+ 3+ - 1
Charge (+1 Damage), 3 4+ 2+ 1 2
Crit (Mortal)
Passive
Passive MORBOY FURY: When Morboys charge into battle, the sheer mass
DA FINAL FLING: Should a Big Stabba team be slain before they get and impetus of their charge can crumple battlelines and disrupt the
a chance to ‘give ’em a stabbin’’, they will use their last moments to hurl coordination of even the finest warriors.
their Gorktoof spear at the foe. Effect: If this unit charged this turn, enemy units cannot use
Effect: While this unit is not in combat, each time a model in this commands while they are in combat with this unit.
unit is slain by a shooting attack and that model was within 12" of the
attacking unit, roll a dice. Add 2 to the roll if the attacking unit was a
Monster. On a 4+, inflict D6 mortal damage on the attacking unit
after the Shoot ability has been resolved.
Infantry, Ward (6+) In S f t a a n n t d r a y r , d C h Be a a m r p e io r n (1 , / M 10 u ) s , i W ci a a r n d ( 1 (6 /1 + 0 ) ),
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Destruction, Bonesplitterz Destruction, Bonesplitterz
19

--- Page 20 ---
• BONESPLITTERZ WARSCROLL • • BONESPLITTERZ WARSCROLL •
SAVAGE BOARBOY SAVAGE ORRUK
MANIAKS ARROWBOYS
MOVE MOVE
10" 5"
H Maniaks are amongst the most unhinged of all H Arrowboys favour Mork’s kunnin’ tactics, taking joy
T S Bonesplitterz, each one brimming with the power of T S in pincushioning foes while their backs are turned.
A L 3 5+A V the Waaagh!. Their mounted mobs hoot and holler as A L 2 6+A V Mobs of Arrowboys will stick a monster full of sharp
E E they charge across the battlefield, smashing into the E E projectiles from a distance before closing in to finish
H H
1 foe and laying about themselves with wild abandon. 1 them off with sharp bone shivs and chompas.
CONTROL CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Stinga Bow
Chompas 4 4+ 3+ - 1 15" 2 5+ 4+ - 1
Crit (Auto-wound)
War Boar’s Tusks MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
and Hooves
2 5+ 3+ - 1
Charge (+1 Damage), Chompa 1 4+ 3+ - 1
CCCCoooommmmppppaaaannnniiiioooonnnn
Once Per Turn (Army), Reaction: You declared a Charge ability Once Per Battle Round (Army), Any Shooting Phase
for this unit AIM FER ITS EYES: Arrowboys loose shots at the eyes of their bestial
ON A TEAR: The bellowing jeers of the boarboys and the squealing prey, causing them immense pain and fouling their attacks.
roars of their ferocious mounts as they pelt towards their targets makes
Declare: If all of the attacks made with this unit’s Stinga Bows
for a bowel-shuddering sight.
this turn targeted the same enemy unit, pick that enemy unit to be
Effect: Add 5 to this unit’s control score for the rest of the turn. the target.
Effect: Roll a dice. Add 1 to the roll if the target is a Beast or
Cavalry unit, or add 2 to the roll if the target is a Monster.
On a 4+, subtract 1 from the Attacks characteristic of the target’s
Companion weapons for the rest of the turn.
Cavalry, Champion, Musician (1/5), Infantry, Champion, Musician (1/10),
Standard Bearer (1/5), Ward (6+) Standard Bearer (1/10), Ward (6+)
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Destruction, Bonesplitterz Destruction, Bonesplitterz
20

--- Page 21 ---
MOVE
• BONESPLITTERZ WARSCROLL •
10"
H
T S KRAGNOS
L18 4+A
A V
E E THE END OF EMPIRES
H
15
CONTROL MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
The Dread Mace 6 3+ 2+ 3 4
One of the most destructive Tuskbreaker
races to have ever lived, the 3 4+ 2+ 2 D3
Crit (2 Hits)
Drogrukh were centauroid
warriors who built a great nation
in the Realm of Beasts. From Hooves of Wrack and Ruin 6 3+ 2+ 1 2
their number rose a champion
so powerful that he ascended to
godhood: Kragnos, the End of Passive Reaction: Opponent declared a Passive
E i m n p w i a r r e f s a . r H e a a v g i a n i g n l s e t d a h d i r s a p c e o o n p ic le BATTLE DAMAGED Spell ability AVATAR OF DESTRUCTION:
empire that left the Drogrukh Effect: While this unit has 10 or THE SHIELD INVIOLATE: Kragnos is the embodiment of
all but extinct, Kragnos was more damage points, the Attacks Tuskbreaker has the power to guard Ghur’s relentless ferocity. No single
sealed away for the protection characteristic of The Dread Mace Kragnos against even the most strike can lay him low.
of the realms – only to be freed is 4 and this unit has a Control potent magical force.
centuries later. characteristic of 10. Effect: If this unit would be
Effect: If this unit was picked to automatically destroyed, it is not
be the target of that spell, roll a automatically destroyed. Instead,
Once Per Turn (Army), dice. On a 3+, ignore the effect of allocate 6 damage points to it (ward
Any Charge Phase that spell on this unit. This unit rolls cannot be made for those
can use this ability more than damage points).
RAMPAGING DESTRUCTION:
once per phase but only once per
Kragnos rampages through the press
Spell ability.
of his foes, his hooves flattening all
in his path.
Effect: If this unit charged
this phase, pick 1 of the
following effects:
• Roll a dice for each enemy unit
within 1" of this unit. On a 2+,
inflict an amount of mortal
damage on that unit equal to
the roll.
• Pick an enemy Monster in
combat with this unit and roll
2D6. On a 7, this ability has
no effect. Otherwise, inflict an
amount of mortal damage on
that unit equal to the results on
the dice used for the 2D6 roll
multiplied together. For example,
a 2D6 roll of 2 and 6 would inflict
12 mortal damage (2 × 6).
Keywords Rampage
Your Charge Phase
THE END OF EMPIRES:
Where Kragnos goes, the hordes of
Destruction follow.
Effect: For the rest of the turn, add
1 to the number of dice rolled when
making charge rolls for friendly
Destruction units while they are
wholly within 12" of this unit, to a
maximum of 3.
Warmaster, Unique, Hero, Monster, Ward (5+)
KEYWORDS
Destruction, Bonesplitterz
21

--- Page 22 ---
PRODUCED BY THE WARHAMMER DESIGN STUDIO
With thanks to The Faithful and The Loretesters for their invaluable services.
Destruction Battletome: Bonesplitterz © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2024. Destruction Battletome: Bonesplitterz, GW, Games Workshop, Warhammer,
Warhammer Age of Sigmar, Battletome, Stormcast Eternals, the ‘winged-hammer’ Warhammer logo, and all associated logos, illustrations, images, names, creatures,
races, vehicles, locations, weapons, characters, and the distinctive likenesses thereof, are either ® or TM, and/or © Games Workshop Limited, variably registered around
the world. All Rights Reserved.
Permission to download/print for personal use only.
This is a work of fiction. All the characters and events portrayed in this book are fictional, and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidental.
Pictures used for illustrative purposes only.
Certain Citadel products may be dangerous if used incorrectly and Games Workshop does not recommend them for use by children under the age of 16 without adult
supervision. Whatever your age, be careful when using glues, bladed equipment and sprays and make sure that you read and follow the instructions on the packaging.
Games Workshop Ltd., Willow Road, Lenton, Games Workshop Limited – Irish branch
Nottingham, NG7 2WS, United Kingdom Unit 3, Lower Liffey Street, Dublin 1, D01 K199, Ireland
